They also possess special abilities and acumen.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress of nine infrastructure projects in the railway, road, petroleum and power sectors.
Since last month, he has started reciting "Mann Ki Baat" in regional languages soon after my "Mann Ki Baat" ended.
We started the process of granting full membership to India at the Tashkent meeting of the SCO last year.
The entire country is with the people of the Northeast in this hour of distress.
Since independence, there has been a tradition of selling as much Khadi as there was, today I humbly say, the sale of Khadi has doubled than before.
Congratulations to all the sports lovers on the inauguration of the synthetic track at "Usha School of Athletics."
He mentioned the implementation of GST, the country's biggest-ever economic reform in indirect taxes, auction of natural resources, reforms undertaken in the insurance and banking sector, and skill development, among others.
The total sale of Khadi and handicraft items has seen a growth of about 90% this year over last year.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
The Council was established 50 years ago and during this period, India has made strides in the gems and jewellery industry.
The Prime Minister then flagged off the "Run for Unity" from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
It enables disaster response agencies to work faster, more efficiently, and connect citizens more easily with authorities.
Today, the President and I had extensive discussions on a wide range of issues.
The purpose of this approval is to ensure that doctors from Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries / Departments / Central Government Institutions work exclusively in the areas of expertise on completion of 62 years of age.
He said that this target has been achieved in about 17,000 villages.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister António Costa today jointly visited the Champalimo Foundation in Lisbon.
You are the leader of a great nation.
On this occasion, he unveiled the logo for the launch of the "Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation" project.
When I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, it was with this spirit that I started a campaign called Vanche Gujarat.
In the evening, the Prime Minister went around the streets of Varanasi and assessed the development of the city.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been established.
Portals and social media related to consumer protection have also been integrated.
This Bhagiratha effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and continuity.
We have taken decisive steps and put in place an administrative set-up that will help India realise its true potential.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of the freedom fighters.
Reviewing the progress of Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the Union Government's commitment to provide housing for all by 2022.
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and the International Monetary Fund (IMF), as well as several well-known agencies such as Moody's, have expressed their confidence in India's economic journey.
Assistance in human resource development and setting up of health facilities.
A limited amount of money can be withdrawn from ATMs and banks for a very short period of time.
Therefore, the Swachh Bharat Mission has now included the project "Swachh Iconic Places" to address this problem.
Today, the President and I had extensive discussions on a wide range of issues.
He also added that India firmly believes that a strong America is essential for the world.
He reiterated the Union Government's commitment to provide full access to seven flagship schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts by 15th August 2018.
He described tourism as an ancient concept and spiritual tradition of India.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eradicate leprosy from this country under the National Leprosy Eradication Programme is a tribute to Mahatma Gandhi's dream.
He says that the role of parents is very important in the examination.
There he will unveil a plaque marking the launch of facilities for guests.
In this context, Prime Minister Modi mentioned the International Solar Alliance and the joint efforts of India and France on this issue.
Even today, knowledge, information, or information is a beacon.
He said the Union Government is also laying emphasis on the development of waterways.
This will also contribute to the economic growth of Kochi.
I am thrilled to be leading India's delegation as a full member at the very first meeting of the Council.
He also asked senior officials of the central government to review the progress on a weekly basis.
I thanked every party that day as well.
Shri Govind Singh ji knew that the greatest service is to remove human suffering.
I am glad that many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
The Prime Minister said the two leaders also discussed countering terrorism and radicalisation.
Hope they give their best performance today.
Concluding his address, the Prime Minister said that the efforts being made by the Foundation reflect a shift from 'I' to 'we', where we start thinking about society beyond ourselves.
He said that the recently announced operation will be beneficial for farmers producing green fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, onions, and potatoes.
As developing countries, we face similar challenges.
We also exchanged views on important international and regional issues of mutual interest.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, a new zeal, a new enthusiasm and a new energy.
The Prime Minister said, "My condolences to the families of those who lost their lives due to the derailment of the Jagdalpur-Bhubaneswar Express.
The resulting competition will increase the accuracy and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
He further said that Pradhan Mantri Krishi Sinchai Yojana envisages water supply to every farm.
Now I will talk about food processing.
This was the fourth interaction in the series by the Prime Minister through video bridge with various beneficiaries of government schemes.
In this context, I would like to present to you a ten-point agenda to take a fresh look at our efforts at disaster prevention and risk reduction:
We stand with the victims and their families.
He not only dreamt of treating these patients but also of integrating them into the mainstream of our society, he added.
There is no dearth of good and brilliant lawyers and judges in India.
The Prime Minister said cleanliness is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
Now when the Kisan Credit Card will be converted into RuPay Card, the farmer will be able to buy and sell from anywhere through his card.
The choices we make today will determine the collective fate of us all.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with probationers of the 2015 batch of the Indian Police Service (IPS).
This time, yoga has also worked as a world record once again.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
The Prime Minister visited the memorial.
He said that Krishi Vigyan Kendras (KVKs) will play an important role in this regard.
Both sides welcomed the installation of pharmaceutical machinery by an advanced pharma company in Russia.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total value of these projects, inaugurated or for which foundation stones have been laid, is over Rs 14,000 crore.
Shri Modi will unveil a plaque at Chandrodaya Mandir in Vrindavan to mark the service by Akshaya Patra Foundation to 3 billion meals.
Today, we have reached an agreement to remove barriers to trade, which will strengthen our trade partnership going forward.
Talking about technology, he appealed for help in high pressure and high temperature technology applications, which are relevant for commercial exploration of natural gas.
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is no longer limited to the national capital, but has expanded to our different state capitals.
We recognize that the urgent need of the hour is to prevent and eliminate terrorism, violent extremism and radicalization.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before, because they are confident that their money is being used properly, for the welfare of the people.
I specially thank the administration, governance and people of these five states for completing this task.
As the country with the largest Muslim population in the world, Indonesia has exemplified democracy, diversity, and social harmony.
All of you Chartered Accountants are like a link connecting tax paying citizens and companies with the government.
They discussed the long history between the two countries and their perspectives on maritime connectivity.
In the end, let me conclude by congratulating the people of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the Chief Minister of Kerala for achieving this momentous feat.
The holy month of Ramzan was celebrated with religious fervour by the people.
After unveiling the plaque, the Prime Minister walked on the bridge for a few minutes and looked around.
Minister Lee Drian briefed the Prime Minister on the current status of bilateral defence cooperation.
He asked the officials to present an action plan to reduce such cases during the Revenue Gyan Sangam.
I bow to Loknayak Jayaprakash Narayan on his birth anniversary, the Prime Minister said.
He appreciated the participation of cities in the Challenge Route.
He encouraged teachers to digitally transform their school and the environment around it.
In November last year, India hosted the first-ever South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise.
If it would be in the best interest of our country, of course we would consider it.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people on World Health Day.
You see, if all the people of a state say this, I will ask the government to verify it and prepare a publicity literature on the seven most common things that have happened about each state.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has been apprised of the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Italy on cooperation in the field of Renewable Energy.
This will benefit both countries.
This day is to reinforce our commitment to further strengthen our democracy by successfully participating in the democratic process at the local, state, and national levels.
On the eve of this Republic Day, I convey my best wishes to the brave jawans and their families who have been honoured with various gallantry awards.
The Prime Minister said that if India wants to make its place in global trade, it has to create the best facilities in the port sector.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
He said that as a result of these programmes, India has jumped 42 places in the Ease of Doing Business rankings in the last 4 years.
India has always been an inspiration for others in terms of intellectual capability and business.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their outstanding performance at the international level.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to cyclone in Tamil Nadu.
He expressed happiness at the large presence of Japanese companies in India.
Your Excellency, your visit provides us with the necessary opportunity to take these friendly relations forward, to deepen them.
This holy month of Ramzan will go a long way in furthering this path of peace, unity and goodwill.
We thought of it when Prime Minister Abe and I visited Varanasi in 2015.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
Today, I am very proud to say that due to collective efforts, the "Swachh Bharat Mission" has become a successful campaign.
You're right.
He further said that only if 125 citizens of India are healthy, India can be healthy and great.
The holy month of Ramzan was celebrated with religious fervour by the people.
My dear countrymen, Ganeshotsav is coming up in a few days.
Our armed forces have been given full freedom.
I hope all of them continue to do exemplary work in controlling plastic pollution.
The Prime Minister said, "Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
Railways, roads, power are our priority sectors.
I once again wish you all a very happy Ram Navami.
I especially thank you for your phone call.
Ten days ago, Mother India lost her brave sons.
They discussed the long history between the two countries and their perspectives on maritime connectivity.
The Prime Minister appealed to the citizens to help those working in the unorganized sector in or around their homes by enrolling themselves in the PM-SYM scheme.
The first 100% literate city and the first 100% literate district is from Kerala.
The Framework Agreement was signed on 03.09.2016.
The zeal of these doctor friends who have selflessly joined the service is truly praiseworthy.
He said that the constructive atmosphere should be used expeditiously to build a New India.
International tourism from India to other countries of the world is increasing rapidly.
A total of 26 islands have been listed for complete development.
Both sides expressed interest in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the field of joint scientific research, including in the Arctic and other areas.
Skipper Mithali Raj leads from the front.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Sahakar Sammelan in New Delhi, to commemorate the birth centenary of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar.
And then he printed a selection of them.
My Government's Act East Policy (i.e. Look East) is at the heart of our engagement.
This work of demeaning our culture and creating inferiority complex among us was going on continuously.
We have undertaken a series of administrative reforms to create a positive business environment in the country.
I congratulate the Ministry of Urban Development under the leadership of Venkaiah ji for creating the Value Capture Finance Policy Framework.
Once during a match in Kolkata, a player from the opposing team hit Dhyan Chand on the head with a hockey stick.
Regular yoga has a direct impact on any family's medical expenses.
This will enable the construction of more residential and commercial complexes in the area.
A total of 26 islands have been listed for complete development.
Chartered accountants can start their career in a new field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
Maharashtra, one of our larger states, has adopted a plan of its own in this direction.
Through this reform, the arbitration system can be harmonized with the global system.
It has the power to change the seasons of the entire country.
The external sectors have been healthy.
And then he printed a selection of them.
He said initiatives such as Pradhan Mantri Surakshit Matritva Abhiyan and Mission Indradhanush played an important role in reducing mortality.
He said that India is now the fastest growing major economy.
On the advent of the holy month of Ramzan, I extend warm greetings and good wishes to the people of India and the world, especially to the Muslim community, on this holy month.
We want more investment from Japan in India.
We want to build an India that is free from terror, casteism and communalism.
All of them are currently touring different parts of India under the "Watan Ko Jano" initiative.
His slogan of 'Jai Jawan Jai Kisan' is a hallmark of his towering personality.
First, the prices of 850 essential medicines were regulated and the prices of heart stents and knee surgery equipment were reduced.
These operations operate in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and many other countries across the globe.
My dear countrymen, in 'Mann Ki Baat', we talk about individuals and institutions who are doing something extraordinary for society.
Their aim is to transform the country and build a New India.
He said that India is now the fastest growing major economy.
Chief of Army Staff General Dalbir Singh was present on the occasion.
During the presentation made by the CEO of NITI Aayog, it was informed that significant progress has been made in several areas.
Our discussions covered all aspects of bilateral relations.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and Make in India.
He said that he is committed to providing affordable healthcare facilities to the poor and middle class.
He said that on the boundary line of 115 aspirational districts selected by NITI Aayog, states can frame their own criteria to identify 20 per cent of the total blocks to be designated as aspirational blocks in their state.
The MoU was signed on 31st May, 2018.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last ten years.
He called on all countries to implement United Nations Security Council (UNSC) Resolution 1267 and other relevant resolutions related to terrorist entities.
Janmabhoomi in Patna, Karmabhoomi in North India and the last moment of life in Nanded.
He said the Ardh Kumbh will showcase how 'New India' is combining heritage and modernity.
In fuel retail payments, we have moved towards digital payments.
Here, people gave him detailed information about the hardships and hardships they faced due to the cyclone.
The situation arising in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu on the issue of sharing of the waters of the Kaveri River is indeed worrisome.
He said that Indian military strength and our international partnerships are responsible for a major reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean.
Officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog, and the Prime Minister's Office briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
Our 'Make in India' initiative has received extensive support from other investment programmes such as Digital India and Skill India.
The Prime Minister said, "Saddened by the demise of Ustad Hussain Sayeduddin Dagar.
Almost all the countries of the world have made this occasion of yoga their own.
But it is good that the rainy season is advancing on its schedule.
We want peace and prosperity for all.
The increase in maternity leave is a welcome provision.
All these offers offer unprecedented opportunities for the Japanese industry.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior ministers and top officials of the state government, disaster management agencies and the Prime Minister's Office (PMO).
The MoU was signed during the visit of the Foreign Minister of Palestine to India in May 2017.
Arbitration procedures will now be faster, as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
On 26th January, our Republic Day was celebrated by all of us with zeal and enthusiasm in every corner of the country.
Think of the sufferings the freedom fighters must have gone through.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Sahakar Sammelan in New Delhi, to commemorate the birth centenary of Shri Laxmanrao Inamdar.
The same game is known by different names in different places.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of preserving the "spirit" in the cooperative movement, which has kept rural areas united.
A better structure of society should be created from the foundation of knowledge.
Not only this, hair dressers are also changing their client's hair style fashion.
The Prime Minister assured the players that the government would provide them with the necessary support and facilities.
Until recently, Indian importers had to go abroad to see and buy rough diamonds.
Keeping this in mind, the central government is also running the Sagarmala program.
Friends, The mutual heritage of our culture and trade will be as strong in the future as the emotional bond between us.
MGNREGA's budget also comes in handy for this water conservation.
These operations operate in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and many other countries across the globe.
Ekta has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
The urge to find peace from the stresses of modern life often leads people to take up tobacco, alcohol, or drugs.
Sitting together and taking the langar awakened the spirit of unity and equality among the people.
He stressed that laws and regulations will be followed in the wake of the performance.
For this purpose, both sides emphasized on the collaboration between the National Institute of Railways and Transport (Vadodara) and the Russian Transport University (MIIT).
A teacher asked the Prime Minister what teachers should say to parents who are feeling stressed and have unrealistic expectations about their children's exams.
Currently, in most countries in the region, access to insurance is limited to middle and upper-middle income groups.
He will witness the e-Gruha Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
This new tradition of public participation for our country is our effort to take the country forward with public participation.
He said that the statue will continue to remind future generations of Sardar Patel's capability and perseverance.
In our country, the cow is considered sacred and has been given the status of a mother.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
Not only this, hair dressers are also changing their client's hair style fashion.
Ahead of the Summit, the Prime Minister has welcomed the BRICS leaders and the BIMSTEC families.
We have had a very long period of legislative reform.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of preserving the "spirit" in the cooperative movement, which has kept rural areas united.
125 crore citizens of India will welcome the New Year with new resolve, new zeal, new zeal, new dreams.
He said that the efforts that will transform the tourism sector are continuous.
During the last three years, about 150 lakh hectares of land has been benefited to a greater extent through such water conservation and water management measures.
He said that there is a need for proper mapping at the district level so that we can understand our different talents and plan infrastructure accordingly.
The Prime Minister conveyed his and the people of India's deep sorrow at the loss of hundreds of lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami in the Sulawesi region of Indonesia.
The Prime Minister encouraged them to devote their energies to working with other government agencies to improve the quality of life of the people in their respective villages.
Your Excellency, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
We need to ensure that it is built to the best available standards of disaster prevention and safety.
He stressed on women empowerment and respect for women.
The Prime Minister said that today's meeting reflects the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
This shows the true spirit of women empowerment in the entire country.
Their unflinching courage and patriotism have kept our country safe.
Russia reaffirms support for India's candidature for permanent membership of a reformed UN Security Council.
Action against corruption
I also look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during this visit.
I once again had the privilege of celebrating Diwali with our brave security forces deployed on the border.
I pay my heartfelt, respectful obeisance to all those heroes.
Waiting for the rain.
Drug control and pharmaceutical quality control.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets to improve the tax structure in the country by 2022, the year of the 75th anniversary of independence.
Referring to the Atal Incubation Centre, which was inaugurated today, he said that start-ups have already started engaging with it.
The Prime Ministers agreed that a strong partnership can help accelerate innovation, economic growth, long-term solutions, and mutually beneficial trade and investment.
In this context, I would like to present to you a ten-point agenda to take a fresh look at our efforts at disaster prevention and risk reduction:
My dear countrymen, today when we are discussing about Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose and that too in 'Mann Ki Baat', I want to tell you an anecdote related to Netaji's life.
The Prime Minister said all possible efforts are being made to ensure a novel experience for the devotees visiting the Ardh Kumbh.
He said this indicates India's eagerness to set global benchmarks.
Looking at his lifetime, it gives a glimpse of the whole of India.
The Prime Minister observed that medicines at Jan Aushadhi Kendras are available at fifty to ninety per cent less than the market price.
Now it is the festival of Eid.
He added that the Central Government has allowed 100% FDI in the healthcare system.
This, he said, would eliminate middlemen and result in savings for the government.
While financial assistance in the value of Rs.2 lakh will be provided to the family of each deceased, assistance of Rs.50,000 will be provided to the seriously injured persons in the flood affected areas.
v) Establish a dialogue in the defence sector to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
So that all the departments and regions will get the benefit of it.
Once upon a time, India enjoyed a global reputation for manufacturing and exporting certain goods.
The Prime Minister mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had unfurled the tricolour 75 years ago.
The entire world has seen its price fluctuating wildly.
It is not possible in a family where the family will always reject the child and expect the people on the street to respect the child.
It is not possible in a family where the family will always reject the child and expect the people on the street to respect the child.
He said once the seawall is ready, it will help protect the Car-Nicobar Islands.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the citizens on National Voters' Day.
More than 100 public service areas are available to the countrymen on their mobile phones through the UMANG app.
Ekta has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
He said that just as Sardar Patel united the country politically, GST will ensure economic integration.
Today, along with the work of human rights at the national level, 26 state human rights commissions have also been formed.
President Temer's visit will open doors for cooperation in new areas with Brazil, our important strategic partner.
Cooperation in the field of defence and security
Under this scheme, our fishermen brothers and sisters will get loans, grants and subsidies from the government.
During the twenty-sixth meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in the process of resolving and redressing grievances related to post offices and railways.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has condoled the loss of lives due to a bus accident in Mandya, Karnataka.
Make it a habit for children to climb stairs instead of coming up in the elevator.
He said along with Varanasi, the entire country is now showing the vision of how state-of-the-art infrastructure can transform modes of transport.
In addition to the 13 medals we won at the event, we also won 3 other medals in the mix events.
Here, people gave him detailed information about the hardships and hardships they faced due to the cyclone.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities in Anand, including Amul's state-of-the-art chocolate plant.
While the Prime Minister acknowledged the cultural significance of jallikattu, he noted that the matter was sub judice.
My dear countrymen, the Neelakurinji flower blooms once in 12 years in our country.
The fort is a symbol of our heritage.
The Prime Minister then flagged off the "Run for Unity" from Major Dhyan Chand National Stadium.
This reflects your true potential and the aspirations of the people are being fulfilled at a record pace.
As far as ID1 is concerned, 55% of the total expenditure of 64 thousand crore rupees i.e. about 35 thousand crore rupees has been spent on works like water conservation.
It contains the basic mantras of the Bhagavad Gita with commentary.
He said the cooperative movement can play a major role in achieving these objectives.
On this occasion, he unveiled the logo for the launch of the "Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation" project.
It has the potential to build a better society and country.
Write down some facts not only about the natural beauty but also about the life there.
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
The Prime Minister further said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat scheme is transforming the health sector.
Appreciating the various social initiatives undertaken by the Dawoodi Bohra community, the Prime Minister said that the government has taken various steps to improve the standard of living of the citizens, especially the poor and the needy.
During the review of the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and coal gasification using the latest technology inputs.
Despite this, we have controlled the prices of petrol and diesel.
The Prime Minister said that for a long time, the postman or the postman had a respected place in the villages and had access to every household in the villages.
The National War Memorial built near India Gate in New Delhi will be a fitting tribute to our soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the security of the nation after independence.
It should be a festival of exuberance and enthusiasm that one has worked hard throughout the year, which is now time to show.
I pray for the speedy recovery of those injured in the train accident.
They want stable politics and a co-operative structure to ensure that their investments are protected.
The rapid rate at which inflation was increasing, 2012-13, look at the time of 11, 12, 13, if it had increased so fast, how expensive would be the dal today, if you calculate it, then any big economist is also surprised that how does the human being of India eat?
I congratulate the crores of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
This has been implemented by doing away with a large number of taxes, both at the regional level and at the central level, across India.
The foundation stone of the roads under the Central Road Fund (CRF) will be done by pressing the button.
From a foreign investor's point of view, India is considered to be the least risky political economy.
The Prime Minister said, "Best wishes to all soldiers, seniors and their families on Army Day.
On the Citizenship Bill, the Prime Minister urged people not to be misled by rumours about the Citizenship Bill.
He said that a teacher is associated with the stream of knowledge throughout life.
He encouraged the children to study and take an interest in sports.
His life was dedicated to alleviating suffering and injustice in society.
Thank you, Nandri.
In the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business 2018 report, India has jumped 42 places in the last three years and is now in the top 100 countries.
The Prime Minister said India can achieve a lot in football.
The heroes of London's India House, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with fanfare.
The Prime Minister emphasized that the poor and backward sections of the society should get maximum benefit under this scheme.
Not only are women empowered, but they are also becoming armed now.
My young friends, you know very well that I am constantly doing 'Mann Ki Baat'.
The government has taken a number of steps to boost investment.
A Japanese colony is now proclaimed.
Dr. Abdullah expressed Afghanistan's gratitude for India's continued support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
The Prime Minister will address the centenary celebrations of Patna University.
The Prime Minister said that it is very important to find the "last man in the line" so that the benefits of governance can be extended to him.
On the occasion of World Environment Day, it has been decided to take up an important challenge this year.
Among the projects reviewed today were the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor and the construction of four new AIIMS at Mangalagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra and Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
The visit comes as the two countries complete a decade of their strategic partnership.
Creating infrastructure for dialogue, mutual exchange of best practices, new initiatives for capacity building, and launching joint campaigns are topics that can be worked upon keeping mutual interests in mind.
The Prime Minister mentioned his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose had unfurled the tricolour 75 years ago.
As developing countries, we face similar challenges.
You're right.
Works such as the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are available in various languages, which are incredibly useful for increasing understanding and awareness of other cultures and traditions within the country.
They will not be released.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he considers himself fortunate to have had the opportunity to do social work among tribals in his youth.
There will also be a discussion on what the government is thinking and I think a very good discussion will also take place in the session.
For example, the local fire service visits a school in their area every week and over the course of a year will provide thousands of children with information on what to do when a fire breaks out.
The establishment of a JWG on counter-terrorism by India and Morocco will help in cases related to terrorist attacks.
Only recently did we begin strict enforcement of the law.
Among the projects inaugurated were the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Incubation Centre at Banaras Hindu University.
That is why we are constantly working to improve our investment climate.
If there is such a coincidence of yesterday, today and tomorrow, then yoga will get a new dimension.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of taking pride in our history and our rich archaeological heritage.
The team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, ball and team jersey bearing the name of the Prime Minister.
The campaign was specifically aimed at getting the younger generation hooked to reading.
v) Establish a dialogue in the defence sector to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
Recently, the Government of India has certified the specifications for the metro rail's rolling stock and signalling system.
The Prime Minister said that if India wants to make its place in global trade, it has to create the best facilities in the port sector.
If the youth of any country has it, then that country will not only progress in areas like economy, science and technology, but will also raise its flag in sports.
He also said that the Fair and Remunerative Price (FRP) for sugar cane of the year 2018-19 will also be announced within the next two weeks.
My best wishes to all of you.
He added that it will also instill confidence among the common people, which is an "important aspect" of New India.
The first 100% literate city and the first 100% literate district is from Kerala.
He said the Union Government is working with a vision of "integration" of all developing regions of the country.
Therefore, my brothers and sisters, it is very important to remove the distortions in our system and instill confidence in the minds of the common citizen of the country.
He said the new constitution of the Council has resulted in an improvement in the quality of debate.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has bowed to Babu Jagjivan Ram, on his birth anniversary.
Both sides stressed the importance of maintaining multilateral dialogue on this subject within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
There are reports of concern due to heavy rainfall in some places.
He said enterprise and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister stressed that a country cannot progress unless it values and preserves its history and heritage.
He noted that these awards are being conferred at a time when India is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The progress of important projects in the road and railway sectors such as the Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Char Dham Project, Quazigund-Banihal Tunnel, Chenab Railway Bridge and Jiribam-Imphal Project was also reviewed.
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of the scheme for the welfare of the minority community under the aegis of the Central Government.
As part of the government's plan to ensure clean drinking water for all, the Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of a pipeline water supply scheme in rural areas of the Bundelkhand region.
He said the Union Government is also laying emphasis on the development of waterways.
You will be happy to know that the productivity of the Lok Sabha was 118% and that of the Rajya Sabha was 74%.
The Prime Minister expressed happiness that on this occasion, the bhajan 'Vaishnav Jan To Tene Re Kahiye', which was very dear to Bapu, was performed by artists from about 150 countries all over the world.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today inaugurated the state-of-the-art super-speciality Rasilaben Sevantilal Shah Venus Hospital in Surat.
Road connectivity in rural areas is now 90%.
He said the connectivity in the North-East will also connect the region to the economies of South-East Asia.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on 29th and 30th December 2018.
For which they need a special arbitration lawyer.
The Prime Minister explained the equal importance of both Intellectual Quotient and Emotional Quotient in a student's life.
Addressing the gathering, the Prime Minister said that innovation plays a major role in bringing the people of India and Israel closer.
In a way, this is a period full of very important events in the life of the nation.
Indeed, it is now, as many say, "Asia's century."
My best wishes to the countrymen on this holy festival of Ram Navami.
Today, August 11, is associated with an important date for history.
This work of demeaning our culture and creating inferiority complex among us was going on continuously.
In the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business 2018 report, India has jumped 42 places in the last three years and is now in the top 100 countries.
The Prime Minister noted the unprecedented progress made by Israel in the field of technology and its long tradition of courage and martyrdom.
In November last year, the festival of 'Deepotsav' was celebrated in Ayodhya, in which we were touched by President Moon's decision to send the First Lady as a special representative.
The whole atmosphere is pervaded by the fragrance of the sacred.
The Prime Minister congratulated the success of the campaign.
The Prime Minister will also dedicate and lay the foundation stone of a plaque for the construction of the Northern Regional Centre Campus of the Indian Institute of Mass Communication in Jammu.
Be it the thousands of feet high mountains of the Himalayas or the scorching deserts, yoga enriches every life in every situation.
Vidya is considered to be an occasion of worship.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
The two leaders appreciated the major successes achieved in the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
Jayalalithaa Ji's connect with citizens, efforts towards the welfare of the poor, women and the underprivileged will always be a source of inspiration.
There he will unveil a plaque marking the launch of facilities for guests.
When we know about their courage, heroism, and valor in depth, we are surprised, proud, and inspired.
Now in the new year, efforts will be made to take the banks towards normalcy quickly.
A package of twelve services for free universal screening for common NCDs.
"We are constantly striving to make the process of doing business easier for small entrepreneurs," the Prime Minister added.
In a tweet, the Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has prayed for the safety of those affected by Cyclone Vardah.
The Prime Minister said that this honour truly belongs to Indian culture, Indian tradition and all Indians.
The coming together of many countries to celebrate International Yoga Day showcases the true essence of yoga - oneness.
Praying for all of you to receive the holy blessings of the Himalayas.
The Prime Minister said, "Glad to know that all the people of Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm.
We are now a full-fledged economy at the international level.
His indomitable spirit is an inspiration to us.
Today, along with the work of human rights at the national level, 26 state human rights commissions have also been formed.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to the skill development of rural youth through the Deendayal Antyodaya Yojana.
There is no dearth of good and brilliant lawyers and judges in India.
In the last three years, we have worked hard to make doing business easier.
This will enable the construction of more residential and commercial complexes in the area.
A mass recitation of the verses of Soundaryalahari was performed at the event.
He said projects worth over Rs 12 lakh crore are progressing at a rapid pace.
He added that the Union Government accords highest priority to the development of Eastern India.
The Supreme Court's ban on jallikattu was discussed in the meeting between the two.
But most of the time, the situation in the House is such that the umpires are in more trouble than the athletes.
We have widely accepted standards and criteria for assessing the risk associated with a natural disaster such as an earthquake.
A Japanese colony is now proclaimed.
He will release a document highlighting the government's achievements.
He said that through the Pradhan Mantri Fasal Bima Yojana, premiums have been reduced, the maximum limit on insurance has been removed, and the amount due to farmers has also been increased.
First of all, I would like to thank NITI Aayog for organizing such a global conference.
I am thankful to Akbar Saheb.
Similarly, a Joint Statement covering each of the global issues was also made.
The Prime Minister said, "Greetings to all of you on National Voters' Day.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted air warriors and their families on Air Force Day.
I appealed to him to change the brain drain to brain gain.
This action of yours will go a long way in building a new India.
Three, he wanted the private sector to be a partner in the distribution of gas fields.
Earlier this year, he was honoured with the "Padma Shri."
This is the fifth interaction in the series of interaction of the Prime Minister with the beneficiaries of various government schemes through video bridge.
Today, the popularity of solar energy in India is increasing rapidly.
Both sides stressed the importance of maintaining multilateral dialogue on this subject within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional fora.
The Prime Minister exchanged views with the delegation members on the bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
Both sides appreciated efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the states of India and the regions of Russia.
The law and order situation is being closely monitored.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in discharging his new responsibility.
Both sides appreciated efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the states of India and the regions of Russia.
On 15 August 2017, he unfurled the tricolour at Khardong La in Ladakh.
The AMRUT mission also covers 33 cities in Tamil Nadu.
In this context, he referred to the Code of Conduct for Insolvency and Bankruptcy.
Shri Govind Singh ji knew that the greatest service is to remove human suffering.
Many best wishes to all the countrymen on all these festivals.
The Prime Minister said, "Tributes to Mahatma Phule on his Jayanti.
The MoU was signed on 25th September, 2018.
The Prime Minister said that the spirit of service is an integral part of our culture.
You have kept our culture alive in your own way.
The Prime Minister said that GST will lead to a modern tax system, which is simpler, more transparent and will help reduce corruption.
Friends, The mutual heritage of our culture and trade will be as strong in the future as the emotional bond between us.
He said that construction of toilets is ending social imbalance and becoming a means of socio-economic empowerment and women empowerment.
The world has turned to India and yoga to find lasting and lasting solutions to these problems.
I assure you of all possible help from the government.
Every young player, his passion is the identity of New India.
Once the scheme is launched, the border tax administrations of both countries will be committed to taking it forward.
Brothers and sisters, Today our country is full of food reserves.
We are both diverse democracies.
Indian women have played a leading role in peacekeeping operations.
Today, our fishermen in the sea carry small boats, they do not even know whether they are in the border of India or have gone to someone else's border.
Lord Buddha's message is as relevant in the 21st century as it was two and a half millennia ago.
Sitting together and taking the langar awakened the spirit of unity and equality among the people.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and Finland on cooperation in the field of Environment.
I also look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during this visit.
Now the time has come to discuss this matter and find a way.
It has the potential to build a better society and country.
It was during his tenure that the timing of budget presentation changed.
In order to increase energy efficiency, my government has given historical priority to the railways.
The delegation strongly supported the Prime Minister's vision of making India a five trillion dollar economy in the future.
Our people-to-people contacts and exchanges have always been the foundation of our friendly relations.
The Prime Minister appealed to the citizens to help those working in the unorganized sector in or around their homes by enrolling themselves in the PM-SYM scheme.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before, because they are confident that their money is being used properly, for the welfare of the people.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
The UAE can benefit from our growth in manufacturing and service.
His work for the empowerment of the poor will always be remembered.
Similarly, when you become strong as a country, you can also live peacefully with everyone.
The presence and participation of President Ramaphosa as the Chief Guest at the Republic Day celebrations tomorrow is a symbol of our mutual commitment to further strengthen our relations.
I am shocked and saddened by his death.
This month of October is a month for us to remember many great men.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Union Government will play a key role in spreading the values and vision of Dr. Ambedkar.
The Prime Minister is in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation.
Gradually, the work will progress in this direction.
The Prime Minister said that 25 per cent of the world's 500 largest companies are in the public sector of some country or the other.
The funds will be used for repairing, maintaining, and strengthening roads, highways, bridges, and other damaged infrastructure.
It is true that political parties have also made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
The organization aims to reach 300 million underprivileged people by the year 2022.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the states affected by the cyclone through relief packages.
We want to build an India that is free from terror, casteism and communalism.
He also commissioned the Lunwangpokpa Multi Sports Complex, Rani Gaidinliu Park, and other important development works.
A good start has been made.
Our efforts are yielding results in terms of economic growth and development.
The two sides aim to establish an institutional relationship of technical bilateral cooperation to foster and promote mutual flexibility and cooperation on innovative and renewable issues.
Congratulations to ISRO on the successful launch of GSAT-11, India's heaviest, largest and most advanced communication satellite.
My heart goes out to the families of the victims.
There is no dearth of good and brilliant lawyers and judges in India.
Our soldiers also performed yoga in Siachen where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
The two sides reviewed recent investments by Indian companies in the diamond manufacturing sector in the Russian Far East.
I must admit that I did not foresee that this proposal would be immediately welcomed by most of the world.
I know that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking various steps to improve your standard of living, including a 5-year National Action Plan.
Shri Modi said that young players should encourage the younger generation in schools and villages to take up sports.
In hockey, India has played brilliantly and won the Asia Cup Hockey title.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected by a waterway to the Bay of Bengal.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met informally with top officials of various Ministries of the Government of India - all Secretaries.
The choices we make today will determine the collective fate of us all.
Our country will witness the historic Shuddha Yajna immediately after Diwali.
He recalled that Indian soldiers played an important role in liberating Haifa during World War I.
With the successful launch of the South Asia Satellite, India has fulfilled its promise.
So I would like to know your thoughts on this current direction of education and its future. "
The Air Force gave a befitting reply to the enemies in 1965 as well.
Addressing a public meeting in Ahmedabad on the occasion, the Prime Minister spoke at length about the aspiration and will of a "New India."
We know how to deliver the sweet fruits of progress and prosperity to the common citizen.
He will witness the e-Gruha Pravesh of 240 beneficiary families.
Sri Lanka and the world appreciate your contribution.
India is currently the third-largest country by purchasing power.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore for taking the Swachh Bharat Mission forward.
I have spoken to Arunachal Pradesh Chief Minister Pema Khandu and other officials, both in Delhi and in the states, on the flood situation.
You see, if all the people of a state say this, I will ask the government to verify it and prepare a publicity literature on the seven most common things that have happened about each state.
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and ethical behaviour among the citizens.
A large number of private companies are also joining the portal.
The Prime Minister said that yoga can also be helpful in increasing concentration.
I want to assure you that the steps taken by the government are to keep the country in a new league of development in the years to come.
We know how to deliver the sweet fruits of progress and prosperity to the common citizen.
Our United Payments Interface system or UPI and BHIM app and RuPay card demonstrate the potential of India's digital economy.
Since the cost of the guarantee is borne by the central government, the interest rate on it will also be lower.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive cooperation in discharging his new responsibility.
The Prime Minister congratulated the success of the campaign.
Today, we all live in an interconnected world.
Make your strength a part of India's strength.
Talking about technology, he appealed for help in high pressure and high temperature technology applications, which are relevant for commercial exploration of natural gas.
A Thai Navy personnel also lost his life in the operation.
Don't let this opportunity go by hand, friends.
This resulted in more than 32,000 cases being confirmed and treated.
The Prime Minister said that there are immense opportunities in the tourism sector and the world is eager to come to India.
The Prime Minister mentioned that the freedom movement could become a mass movement only because of the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
He was the architect of the re-establishment of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
Arbitration procedures will now be faster, as the Arbitration Act has been amended.
All the best for their game today.
It also requires efficiency in energy consumption.
He added that India will also make a significant contribution to it.
There are still many big challenges ahead of us.
He praised the officers who have been instrumental in facilitating this change.
You all must have celebrated Diwali with great joy.
I believe that reading and information should not be limited to the work-related aspect.
I hope that at every level, at all times, duties should receive the same importance as rights.
It is not a test of your life.
He will also address the gathering.
It is estimated that 1 to 1.5 lakh knee surgeries take place in the country every year.
He said that construction of toilets is ending social imbalance and becoming a means of socio-economic empowerment and women empowerment.
He hoped that the Government will achieve the target of 100% rural road connectivity very soon.
He noted that India is making strides towards becoming a gas-based economy.
Even if it is only 2 minutes, it should also express collectivity, resolve, and reverence for the martyrs.
But we must not forget that it is not just the government, money, scheme, power that gets the job done.
He added that our government takes decisions in the interest of the country and not for political gains.
The campaign has been led by the Prime Minister, who has appealed to the people to send messages to our brave army personnel through special videos on social media.
We agreed to maintain the momentum of our relationship in various key areas, including energy and investments.
These projects are spread across several states such as Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar Pradesh, Odisha, Bihar, Jharkhand, West Bengal, Telangana, Tamil Nadu, and Andhra Pradesh.
We also need to move towards transparent and open markets for both oil and gas.
He said that the happiness of the beneficiaries seen in today's presentation was felt by all present here.
He practiced constitutional matters, taxation, and company-related cases in the Gauhati High Court.
In Gujarat, about 55 thousand people in Ahmedabad have set a new world record by doing yoga together.
Our people-to-people contacts and exchanges have always been the foundation of our friendly relations.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of Farmer Producer Organizations.
Both sides expressed satisfaction at the long-standing collaboration between Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
India has strong strategic partnerships with all three countries.
My condolences to the families of the deceased.
The Prime Minister said, "We are truly proud of Kidambi Srikanth's victory at the Australian Open.
The Prime Minister said that if cleanliness is not brought about by removing dirt, it leads to conditions that are then taken for granted.
He said that apart from the sugar sector, we should consider making bamboo products globally competitive.
The world has turned to India and yoga to find lasting and lasting solutions to these problems.
This month of October is a month for us to remember many great men.
It has the potential to build a better society and country.
This is one area that India needs in order to survive in the competition.
Our cultural ties are growing.
The Prime Minister said, "The world of the 21st century is interconnected and interdependent.
He said the new constitution of the Council has resulted in an improvement in the quality of debate.
More than 90 per cent of the approvals are on automatic route.
I am happy to share with you the positive outcomes of the Budget Session.
Thank you, Nandri.
All nations in the Asia-Pacific region must work together to advance our efforts to build robust disaster resilience.
This year marks the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
I am going to meet political leaders and friends in Nepal.
The government has taken several transformational initiatives.
The women beneficiaries also shared how the SHG has brought a positive change in their lives.
Through this revolution, the rural economy will gain momentum which will further strengthen the Indian economy.
We have abolished the Foreign Investment Promotion Board.
The countries of the world want to work together with India on the path of peace and stability.
The act of littering or littering within the four walls of these places is considered immoral, unclean, or impure.
We stand with Portugal in this hour of grief.
I urge you all to participate enthusiastically in this campaign.
Jayalalithaa Ji's connect with citizens, efforts towards the welfare of the poor, women and the underprivileged will always be a source of inspiration.
President Xi and I will exchange views on issues of bilateral and global importance.
And Cyprus, in turn, has always maintained warm and friendly relations.
This year, October 2 has a special significance.
Several events are being organised across the country to commemorate the 150th birth anniversary year of Mahatma Gandhi.
This will facilitate the movement of trains as well as help in the overall development of the Bundelkhand region.
And then he printed a selection of them.
He was the Vice President then, and it was during our first meeting that I experienced his enthusiasm and affection for India.
This will greatly enhance the strength of our strategic defence.
He said the connectivity in the North-East will also connect the region to the economies of South-East Asia.
He said that the Tarakote route will provide an alternate route to Mata Vaishno Devi Shrine which will be helpful to the pilgrims.
My Government's Act East Policy (i.e. Look East) is at the heart of our engagement.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to Shri M. Venkaiah Naidu Garu on being elected the Vice President of India.
He added that the Union Government accords highest priority to the development of Eastern India.
In many parts of the country, our soldiers and farmers showed their bravery and were determined to protest against injustice.
Through this revolution, the rural economy will gain momentum which will further strengthen the Indian economy.
A few days ago I had the opportunity to attend my favorite event.
In keeping with the spirit of regional cooperation, India will soon launch the South Asia Satellite.
Many best wishes to all the countrymen on all these festivals.
This year marks the 150th anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
The holy month of Ramzan was celebrated with religious fervour by the people.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Rabindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep pace with developments all over the world and yet retain their Indianness.
We have expedited the process of policy making in this area.
Cyprus and India have close economic ties.
He had the strength and intelligence to show the British rulers the mirror of their mistakes.
He said that the Central Government has decided that the Minimum Support Price (MSP) for all notified crops will be one and a half times of the original price of the crop.
He also called upon the university to work on the holistic development of all these 100 villages.
My dear countrymen, next month I will be among you again for the next Mann Ki Baat.
The first was to limit the size of the Council of Ministers in the states to 15 per cent of the total number of Assembly seats.
I also look forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during this visit.
A program like GST and a crackdown on corruption have helped people do business with integrity.
We have removed bottlenecks and increased the average rate of implementation in this area.
Over the last two years, we have been moving towards a low-tax regime in corporate terms.
I also look forward to expanding our relationship and engagement in a way that contributes to the progress of all Indians and Sri Lankans, and touches your lives as well.
Prime Minister reiterated India's commitment to fully support Afghanistan's efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took the lead in unifying India.
Specific actions have to be planned and implemented at the local level.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has more than doubled.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the states affected by the cyclone through relief packages.
The 10 questions in the survey are as follows:
A Principal Arbitrator provides us with an opportunity to emerge as a jurisdiction.
We can imagine what their state of mind would be at this young age, when the world is in a state of flux.
The passenger capacity in the aviation sector is 282 million passengers per year.
He thanked those who owned property around the temple and allowed its acquisition for the project.
Recently, 30 nano satellites were launched.
Our partnership will also play an important role in combating terrorism, organised crime, narcotics and human trafficking.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
The project is also significant in that it will provide water supply to the drought-affected Bundelkhand region.
Our space scientists achieved a unique feat last month.
We have changed our foreign direct investment (FDI) rules in June this year.
Everyone should have dreams for the next Olympics.
I pray for the speedy recovery of the injured.
Terming it as a historic day, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM scheme to the 42 crore strong workforce of the unorganized sector of the country.
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from the Prime Minister's Office (PMO), NITI Aayog and other ministries.
These figures show how the government has stepped out of policy paralysis to play the role of policy maker and policy implementer.
Badminton star Kidambi Srikanth has made every Indian proud by winning the Denmark Open title in an outstanding performance.
The per capita consumption of plastic in India is very low compared to many developed countries.
One of the major reasons for suffering from this type of illness in adolescence is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and changes in our eating habits.
In 1817, there was a Paika Rebellion against British rule in Odisha.
As I speak to you today, the holy month of Ramadan has begun.
A large number of private companies are also joining the portal.
Earlier, he had expressed grief over the loss of lives in forest fires in Portugal.
He was keen to implement the idea.
India is one of the world's largest investment-friendly economies.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in defence technology cooperation between the two countries.
We started the process of granting full membership to India at the Tashkent meeting of the SCO last year.
This will enable the construction of more residential and commercial complexes in the area.
Jasmer Singh would leave for work every morning before Rajni and her siblings woke up.
During the public meeting at Ujire, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to account holders of the Pradhan Mantri Jan Dhan Yojana.
India is going through a major transformation.
I had appealed to people to gift me a book instead of a bouquet.
Today, it is a matter of happiness for sugarcane farmers that our ethanol production has tripled.
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America.
To achieve this objective, it has launched the 'Make in India' campaign.
This shows the true spirit of women empowerment in the entire country.
Therefore, the Swachh Bharat Mission has now included the project "Swachh Iconic Places" to address this problem.
This has helped save fuel to the tune of approximately Rs.27 lakhs per day.
The remaining portion of the land will be managed as per the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Public Asset Management (DIPAM) and Department of Public Enterprises (DPE).
We have set a target of 175 GW of renewable energy capacity by the year 2022.
His profound thoughts and principles have left an indelible mark on the society.
He said the "high-speed corridor" will be an area for rapid growth in the future.
This will facilitate effective institutional interaction between India and Thailand.
They also possess special abilities and acumen.
From listing reasons to case law, a lawyer's library today is just a click away.
The request of the state government to increase the man-days as per the projected requirement of the state will be considered.
He added that the implementation of GST is a complex exercise, which may become a subject of study in the future.
The award will be conferred by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
The award will be conferred by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
I am well aware of the damage a crackdown on black money, scrapping of shell companies, does to any political party.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and considers future development priorities.
The construction work of IIT, IIM, AIIMS is going on at a rapid pace.
In the field of education, a major step has been taken to create a world-class university and freedom from restrictions.
We thought of it when Prime Minister Abe and I visited Varanasi in 2015.
It seems to be a question of life and death.
It is the responsibility of all our countrymen to keep the historical heritages safe and clean.
On the one hand, the government is working to build infrastructure like highways, railways, etc., while on the other hand, it is ensuring that the benefits of development reach the people.
The sector has been red-flagged for foreign investors.
I hope the industry will continue to be in touch with the state governments.
For the entire world to develop holistically, there must be a collaborative relationship between producers and consumers.
There is a great need for roads, railways and sea routes.
The resulting competition will increase the accuracy and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
The President and I agreed that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
You must have seen what steps have been taken within 100 hours of the attack.
The two leaders appreciated the major successes achieved in the Special and Privileged Strategic Partnership between the two countries in the past year.
Russia reaffirms support for India's candidature for permanent membership of a reformed UN Security Council.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made more stringent.
We are conveying our importance through the "Tejas" fighter aircraft.
You must have seen what steps have been taken within 100 hours of the attack.
They can also be identified as "nutrient-rich and climate-resilient crops."
Many congratulations to Beti Shivangi.
I thanked every party that day as well.
Road connectivity in rural areas is now 90%.
If we practice asanas and pranayama regularly, we can avoid many diseases along with good health.
The Prime Minister said that his government's campaign against black money is a decisive and bold step.
It is now easier to get approval from various organizations.
This will facilitate students from the northeastern states who are interested in films.
The Prime Minister said, "On this day in 2001, we salute the bravehearts who were martyred during the dastardly attack on our Parliament House.
The Prime Minister asked the officials to set clear targets to improve the tax structure in the country by 2022, the year of the 75th anniversary of independence.
The Prime Minister said the Union Government will do everything possible to provide adequate water to farmers.
Addressing the gathering, he described water as a sacred gift of nature.
We are honoured to be the global host on the occasion of World Environment Day 2018.
President Xi and I will exchange views on issues of bilateral and global importance.
As a popular business center, they rank very high in ease of doing business.
An India Japan Business Plenary will be held on the same day.
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation is the agenda of our partnership in this area.
Soundaryalahari is a set of verses composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
In the freedom struggle movement, on the call of Mahatma Gandhi, people from every section of the society dedicated themselves.
His patience and tactful approach to the game will surely help the entire team.
India is currently the third-largest country by purchasing power.
He said that the Amul brand is famous worldwide and has become a source of inspiration all over the world.
The National War Memorial built near India Gate in New Delhi will be a fitting tribute to our soldiers who sacrificed their lives for the security of the nation after independence.
Talking about Self Help Groups (SHGs), the Prime Minister said that SHGs play an important role in the economic and social development of the poor, especially women at the village level of society.
I will also visit some religious places that have cultural affinities with India.
With these measures, our economy is now on the fast track to growth.
Mass rapid transit systems are therefore essential to relieve the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
But if we do not have faith in our strength, ability, then no one will accept.
He will also announce innovation and start-up policies for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
His indomitable spirit is an inspiration to us.
Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara will also be inaugurated by the Prime Minister.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit at Mahatma Mandir in Gandhinagar on 14 September.
• Insurance companies have also been instructed to pay insurance compensation claims of people affected by Cyclone Ockhi on an urgent basis.
This figure also shows the enthusiasm of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards self-employment.
I hope that at every level, at all times, duties should receive the same importance as rights.
100 years ago today, in 1917, the Satyagraha movement was first launched in Champaran under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
Today, the Kochi Metro has been inaugurated and I am happy to be a part of this historic occasion.
The Council was established 50 years ago and during this period, India has made strides in the gems and jewellery industry.
Today we cannot forget that the history of the country is incomplete without these great men.
The National War Memorial complex features a central memorial pillar, a monolithic flame, and copper-plated murals of famous battles fought by the Indian Army, Air Force, and Navy.
All the best for their game today.
But I was inspired by his courage, perseverance, and passion to overcome any adversity and start afresh.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of various development projects in Kutch today.
This is the highest ever FDI and also the highest ever growth in FDI in India.
The Prime Minister said that the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare to the poor.
We are conveying our importance through the "Tejas" fighter aircraft.
Your generation has also suffered a lot.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
MGNREGA's budget also comes in handy for this water conservation.
You may have heard a lot about Aquarius.
This year, we are hosting the Global Mobility Conference.
The UAE is one of our most important partners and a close friend of India in an important region of the world.
He was accompanied by senior officials of the bank.
Today, we have reached an agreement to remove barriers to trade, which will strengthen our trade partnership going forward.
He expressed confidence in the power of education.
Usually, when there is a movement to brighten the future of the country, the government and the people are at loggerheads.
The Prime Minister said that yoga can also be helpful in increasing concentration.
At the outset, I would like to express my sadness at the loss of lives in the recent earthquake in Aceh.
You speak one of the oldest classical languages in the world.
Situated at a height of 153 metres, the gallery can accommodate 200 spectators at a time.
Portals and social media related to consumer protection have also been integrated.
Digital transaction "RuPay" cards number in the billions within the "BHIM" Aadhaar app universe.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a football fan.
Under Ayushman Bharat's vision of comprehensive primary health care, people will be provided preventive and curative services at the primary care level near their homes.
• Insurance companies have also been instructed to pay insurance compensation claims of people affected by Cyclone Ockhi on an urgent basis.
Cooperation in the field of defence and security
The Varanasi Convention Centre project is a symbol of cultural cooperation between Kyoto, Japan and the city of Varanasi.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected by a waterway to the Bay of Bengal.
The Prime Minister said if humans do not nurture nature, nature will respond in the form of climate change.
The two leaders will make statements to the media.
BharatNet aims to provide last mile internet connectivity in the country.
During the last three years, my government has laid special focus on the overall infrastructure development of the country.
In the last two years, we have seen a two per cent increase in trees and forest cover there.
The Prime Minister further said that adequate capital, enterprise, and people-to-people contact are the most important things for any start-up sector to succeed.
Among the projects reviewed today were the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor and the construction of four new AIIMS at Mangalagiri in Andhra Pradesh, Kalyani in West Bengal, Nagpur in Maharashtra and Gorakhpur in Uttar Pradesh.
Speaking at the event, he said Mahatma Gandhi's ideas have the power to solve the challenges the world is facing today.
Prime Minister reiterated India's commitment to fully support Afghanistan's efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous, inclusive and democratic Afghanistan.
The Prime Minister said, "Bhupen Hazarika's songs and music have been loved by people across generations.
He said that the recently announced operation will be beneficial for farmers producing green fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, onions, and potatoes.
Praising the Vohra community, Prime Minister Modi said that it has always been a privilege for him to have received the love of the Vohra community.
I specially thank the administration, governance and people of these five states for completing this task.
It has a reach all over South Asia.
Shri Modi said that young players should encourage the younger generation in schools and villages to take up sports.
He said navies from 50 countries participated in the International Fleet Review organized by the Indian Navy in 2016.
The women beneficiaries also shared how the SHG has brought a positive change in their lives.
His answers were embellished with wit, humour and a wide variety of elaborate examples.
Last year was the birth centenary of Nelson Mandela and last year was also the silver jubilee of our diplomatic relations.
He added that India is a land of saints, who served the society and spread the winds of reform.
Both India and Portugal have a vibrant people-to-people connect and this connect is on the rise.
This metro project has some important features.
The Prime Minister said that not only the poor but also the middle class benefited greatly from these measures.
Secretary Carter briefed the Prime Minister on the progress made in taking forward the agreements and decisions reached between the two countries in June this year.
Saddened by his demise, my heartfelt tributes to him.
Both sides appreciated efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the states of India and the regions of Russia.
When we know about their courage, heroism, and valor in depth, we are surprised, proud, and inspired.
His fortitude during adversities and his resolute opposition to colonialism will never be forgotten.
The people of Meghalaya have contributed significantly to the nation.
Indian soldiers showed the world that they were second to none when it came to warfare.
I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being ideal partners for this mutual and global goal.
This includes photography and land tagging.
He flagged off the 900th coach and Humsafar coach at a public meeting.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern Uttar Pradesh is now connected by a waterway to the Bay of Bengal.
The Prime Minister said, "Glad to know that all the people of Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Maharaja Bir Bikram Kishore Debbarma Manikya Bahadur with great enthusiasm.
He reiterated the Union Government's commitment to provide full access to seven flagship schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts by 15th August 2018.
Under your leadership, Cyprus has recently successfully recovered from financial and banking challenges.
These operations operate in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and many other countries across the globe.
That inspired me, but we are in independent India.
We believe in the belief that our people are critical partners in our efforts to bring about a responsible, united, and inclusive solution.
During their meeting, the Prime Minister greeted President Mirziyoyev and his delegation in Gujarat.
As part of the launch programme of the fortnight-long campaign, the Prime Minister will interact via video conferencing with a cross-section of people, including school children, army personnel, religious leaders, members of milk and agriculture cooperatives, media representatives, local government representatives, railway employees, SHGs, and Swachhagrahis, from 18 locations across the country.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Boundary Crossing.
The campaign has been led by the Prime Minister, who has appealed to the people to send messages to our brave army personnel through special videos on social media.
Gradually, the work will progress in this direction.
The exhibition showcases more than one hundred quality experiments and applications.
According to the new law, an application for any remedy should only be disposed of within one year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today met and interacted with probationers of the 2015 batch of the Indian Police Service (IPS).
During the visit, the women sailors gave presentations on various aspects of their expedition, its preparation, training and experiences.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and farmer daughter Hima Das created history by winning the gold medal in the 400 meter race in the Junior Under-20 World Athletics Championship held in Finland.
Who is not a fan of Harmanpreet Kaur?
The Prime Minister spoke to people in Kavaratti and Kanyakumari during the day.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
On this occasion, I thank all the officers and jawans of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
He stressed the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous country.
You may well recall that a group of six women naval commanders were on a sea voyage for the past several months.
During the interaction, the Prime Minister urged the awardees to unite the community and make orderly development an integral part of their lives.
When all the parties work together in the interest of the country, decisions are also made well, quickly, and the results are also good.
An Indian delegation led by the Minister of Commerce & Industry and Civil Aviation, Suresh Prabhu, participated in the Eastern Economic Forum in September 2018.
A memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram, who could not attend in person.
He said that the efforts that will transform the tourism sector are continuous.
Encouraged the creation of infrastructural facilities.
The two leaders agreed to pursue leveraging the commonalities between the two economies to accelerate long-term investment in bilateral balanced trade.
The Prime Minister of Mauritius, Mr. Pravind Jugnauth, will be the Chief Guest at the 15th edition of Pravasi Bharatiya Divas Convention.
He was accompanied by senior officials of the bank.
Plastic pollution has now entered our food chain as well.
This is the session when the country got an opportunity to elect a new President and a new Vice President.
Friends, In my view and in the view of our government, the scope of consumer protection is very wide.
Both sides committed to maintain mutual support and coordination in various fora, including BRICS and ITU.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
Now the Indian subcontinent is at the heart of global economic activity.
He has done a great job in this time of crisis.
He will jointly inaugurate e-Gruh Pravesh of 25,000 beneficiaries under Pradhan Mantri Awas Yojana through video conferencing.
Indian youth have distinguished themselves the most due to their farsighted outlook and the idea of doing something new.
He said there have been some positive changes in Gujarat's development journey in the last two decades.
Yoga has proven to be a strong foundation for moving towards a disciplined and evolved life.
The Indian side expressed its desire to increase the import of minerals from Russia.
He has ended the superstition associated with it by visiting Noida.
Indian soldiers showed the world that they were second to none when it came to warfare.
According to the Bank of International Settlements, India is the least sensitive to banking sector risks among major economies.
As a popular business center, they rank very high in ease of doing business.
He added that such mock parliaments will increase the spirit of debate among our youth.
I would also like to make a special mention of the hard work of the brave jawans of the NDRF.
According to the COP-21 agreement, the world is committed to climate change.
Look at how many times in the last few minutes I used the words, the best ever, the coolest ever.
Connecting the person with the family brings happiness to the family.
The Prime Minister said that India will begin the 150th birth anniversary celebrations of Mahatma Gandhi on 2nd October.
Both sides expressed satisfaction at the long-standing collaboration between Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
In our country, there is an inherent respect for the army and the security forces.
Under PMGSY, 88% of the habitations are now connected with rural roads.
This is change.
Russia reaffirms support for India's candidature for permanent membership of a reformed UN Security Council.
In our country, the cow is considered sacred and has been given the status of a mother.
That is why the use of new technology in the construction of houses gives extra benefit if it is tried in India.
Gas pipelines with a length of more than 16,000 km have been constructed and pipelines with a length of another 11,000 km are under construction.
The Prime Minister will arrive in Port Blair on the evening of 29th December.
He will also flag off a new express train from Ayodhya to Rameshwaram (via video conference).
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment in all possible ways.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that junior-most and senior-most officers spend so much time communicating with each other.
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
He said the same amount would be contributed by the central government as the beneficiary.
In particular, we have focused on the implementation of the various decisions taken during the last two meetings.
Some of these announcements were made in the budget, he added.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
He said that the statue will create immense tourism opportunities for the region.
His extraordinary contribution to the freedom struggle lives on in our hearts.
The Prime Minister asserted that India is proud of Sardar Patel and his invaluable contribution to building our nation.
His profound thoughts and principles have left an indelible mark on the society.
Mr. Hawking's death is sad.
The Prime Minister said that for a long time, the postman or the postman had a respected place in the villages and had access to every household in the villages.
If you keep knowledge at the center, you try to assimilate a lot of things.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and self-confidence.
Similarly, on 25 December, the death of Sulagitti Narasamma from Karnataka was reported.
India could benefit economically by having a greater number of good arbitrators and lawyers.
A total of 26 islands have been listed for complete development.
He exhorted the States to give new ideas to the Finance Commission to promote result-oriented allocations and expenditure reforms.
Jayalalithaa Ji's connect with citizens, efforts towards the welfare of the poor, women and the underprivileged will always be a source of inspiration.
Now some people might say why did you take two years?
Today, Mudra Yojana, Start-up India, Stand-up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entrepreneurs.
In the World Bank's Ease of Doing Business 2018 report, India has jumped 42 places in the last three years and is now in the top 100 countries.
He said that just as Sardar Patel united the country politically, GST will ensure economic integration.
Our health related schemes will also create a large number of jobs.
Responding to the talk on climate change, the Prime Minister said that India has been nurturing and conserving natural resources for a very long time.
He asked the Ministry of Urban Development to monitor this work with sensitivity.
Despite this, we have controlled the prices of petrol and diesel.
Under this campaign, insurance cover of up to 5 lakh rupees per family per year will be provided for secondary and tertiary treatment.
The Prime Minister gave detailed answers to various questions raised by the members of the delegation.
India had previously won the Asia Cup in 2003 and 2007.
The unique festival of Chhath Puja is completely connected to nature and the worship of nature.
The Prime Minister is in constant touch with the Chief Minister regarding the flood situation.
He interacted with ITBP (Indo-Tibetan Border Police) and Indian Army personnel and presented them sweets.
During the same period, it introduced a scheme to unearth black money.
His answers were embellished with wit, humour and a wide variety of elaborate examples.
In response to a question from a team working on creating rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said that it is important to create an India where there is equal opportunity for all.
He said that during the last three and a half years, the Union Government has worked to realise his dream of social democracy.
In this context, he mentioned Unit 5 and Unit 6 of the nuclear plant.
Referring to the family and collective traditions of the island groups, he said these traditions have been a long-standing strength of Indian society.
Atalji was a true patriot.
Atalji's demise is a personal and irreparable loss to me.
It worked to unite the people by awakening national consciousness.
Praising the Vohra community, Prime Minister Modi said that it has always been a privilege for him to have received the love of the Vohra community.
Gas pipelines with a length of more than 16,000 km have been constructed and pipelines with a length of another 11,000 km are under construction.
The government has taken several transformational initiatives.
It is particularly indispensable for ensuring freedom, peace and justice for the oppressed, the oppressed and the dispossessed.
India is also the largest producer of milk in the world.
The progress of the National Optical Fibre Network was reviewed.
Officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog, and the Prime Minister's Office briefed the Prime Minister on various aspects of the scheme.
Prayer, spirituality, and charity are highly valued in Ramadan.
And if we educate our children about nature, it may help us in protecting the environment.
His concerted efforts not only changed his own destiny but also that of his region.
As fellow democracies, India and the Republic of Korea share common values and a shared vision for regional and international peace.
He told the officers that to succeed in tasks and objectives, it is important to develop close relationships with people.
The MoU will further strengthen bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
And Cyprus, in turn, has always maintained warm and friendly relations.
That inspired me, but we are in independent India.
Almost the maximum tax payers of India are going to benefit a lot from this.
Both sides committed to further strengthening nuclear non-proliferation at the global level.
Even on Makar Sankranti, lakhs and crores of people take a dip in the holy rivers.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for the construction of a six-lane bridge over the Brahmaputra River.
He said India believes that the world is one family and therefore, fulfils its global responsibilities.
And, it is a special pleasure to jointly inaugurate this conference with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
No matter what the business is, its sole objective should be customer satisfaction.
Under this, we offer about 700 scholarships a year to students to study in Sri Lanka and India.
His fortitude in dealing with natural calamities from storms, hurricanes, floods to forest fires and helping his countrymen has been phenomenal.
Peacekeeping operations are not an easy task.
He encouraged teachers to digitally transform their school and the environment around it.
In just 100 days of the launch of this scheme, more than 7 lakh poor patients have been treated.
India has also given many great players to hockey.
Over 146 million people have direct access to cooking gas in their bank accounts.
Here, the Prime Minister interacted with some of the researchers and beneficiaries.
The second edition of "SAMWAD," a global initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environmental Consciousness is being held in Yangon today and tomorrow.
India has strong strategic partnerships with all three countries.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval to the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEBI) to enter into a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) with European Securities and Markets Authority (ESMA) regarding mutual cooperation.
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
For the next two months, we will all be busy in the election race.
We will fully cooperate.
Chartered accountants can start their career in a new field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
Our domestic market is fragmented.
An India Japan Business Plenary will be held on the same day.
I agree that efficiency in the use of water and resources, water conservation and its purification, and increased agricultural productivity are key aspects of our bilateral relationship.
It contributes to our energy security.
The central government has given due respect to great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasaheb Ambedkar and Netaji Subhas Chandra Bose.
Today, India is the fastest growing economy in the world.
He said that close and mutually beneficial India-Malaysia relations are based on a strong foundation of mutual values, interests and vibrant people-to-people ties.
He also explained various other benefits, including those in the health and tourism sectors, which can also benefit the Swachh Bharat Abhiyan.
Referring to the people and farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra who have benefited from the Narmada River, the Prime Minister thanked the Government and people of Madhya Pradesh for the Narmada Seva Yatra.
Captain Nishad's efforts for Bihar's progress are noteworthy.
He will also address a public meeting.
The leaders reviewed regional and global issues.
An enabling alternative dispute resolution ecosystem for India is a national priority.
It has the potential to build a better society and country.
I look forward to attending the centenary celebrations of the establishment of the Sabarmati Ashram.
Similarly, when you become strong as a country, you can also live peacefully with everyone.
It is also natural that the country now has expectations and a sense of accomplishment.
To increase delivery to remote areas, we improve the system by increasing access to digital technology.
Food processing is a way of life in India.
It is said that his inspiration was Sister Nivedita.
Specific actions have to be planned and implemented at the local level.
He said that he is committed to providing affordable healthcare facilities to the poor and middle class.
A few days ago, we all remember that ISRO had successfully launched 'GSAT-19'.
Dual registration at the state and central government levels will be reduced.
The Prime Minister said that our effort is to start development work by preserving the environment and local culture.
I hope all of them continue to do exemplary work in controlling plastic pollution.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took the lead in unifying India.
He was so impressed by Swami Vivekananda that he renounced his happy and prosperous life and dedicated his life to the service of the poor.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, will attend the inaugural function of the birth centenary celebrations of Nanji Deshmukh, at IARI, Pusa, in New Delhi tomorrow (October 11, 2017).
The Sarvajanik Ganesh Utsav became an influential medium of carrying forward the traditional faith and gaiety as well as the spirit of social awareness, collectivity, harmony and equality among the people.
Through the International Solar Alliance, we are adding to the mainstream with a collective effort.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has greeted the people of Jharkhand on their Statehood Day.
We have also joined together to forge an international context to support our common objectives and efforts.
He mentioned various other projects, including those related to roads and Namami Gange, which were either inaugurated or the foundation stone was laid today.
To achieve this objective, it has launched the 'Make in India' campaign.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank started its financial operations in January 2016.
India could benefit economically by having a greater number of good arbitrators and lawyers.
The Prime Minister said that various schemes of the government like Swachh Bharat have given a boost to the tourism sector in the country.
Hence, the gems and jewellery sector is a prime example of the potential of 'Make in India' and 'Skill India'.
The government is also working extensively to ensure that every person in the country has a house by 2022, when India celebrates 75 years of independence.
This time, every devotee will also be able to pay obeisance to Akshaya Vada after taking a holy bath at the Sangam.
Railways will now be able to contribute more and better in meeting the transportation needs of the country.
Friends, Inflation has also been curbed and this has benefited the poor and middle-class consumers financially.
The Prime Minister urged the sportspersons to always remember and stay in touch with their gurus, teachers and mentors who have guided them since childhood.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its ex-post facto approval to the Agreement between India and Myanmar on Land Boundary Crossing.
He reiterated the Union Government's commitment to provide full access to seven flagship schemes to 45,000 additional villages in 115 Aspirational Districts by 15th August 2018.
In that interview, Field Marshal Manekshaw was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
The Prime Minister said, "Congratulations to Donald Trump on assuming office as the President of the USA.
Our partnership will also play an important role in combating terrorism, organised crime, narcotics and human trafficking.
I specially thank the administration, governance and people of these five states for completing this task.
We all experience how things move with an instinct.
You may have heard a lot about Aquarius.
According to UNCTAD's World Investment Report, India is now one of the top FDI destinations in the world.
She is also pursuing a skill development course along with it.
The second edition of "SAMWAD," a global initiative on Conflict Avoidance and Environmental Consciousness is being held in Yangon today and tomorrow.
Abundant natural gas has become available in the world.
He practiced constitutional matters, taxation, and company-related cases in the Gauhati High Court.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide cooking gas to five crore families.
The Prime Minister said that student wings should give importance to cleanliness while campaigning in university elections.
For this, all of you will also have to take strict steps.
In modern times, more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers laid down their lives in world wars during the last century.
This is the dream I have seen with your President Xi and Premier Li.
Gurus are held in high esteem in our society.
It is a matter of happiness for us that after health benefits, our Arun ji is also among us today.
You all must have celebrated Diwali with great joy.
Jago Grahak Jago - There has been an extensive effort to make consumers aware through this campaign as well.
He attached great importance to education and social reform.
The Prime Minister took stock of the flood situation during a meeting with Kerala Chief Minister Pinarayi Vijayan and state government officials.
This will benefit 100 million poor and disadvantaged families with an annual insurance cover of $7000.
Cooperation in the field of defence and security
The sector has been red-flagged for foreign investors.
If we do not manage growth effectively, both in terms of planning and implementation, the economic and human loss from disasters will be greater than ever before.
The Prime Minister will interact with various stakeholders associated with the campaign.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has given its approval for signing of a Memorandum of Understanding (MoU) between India and the United Kingdom on cooperation in the field of law and justice between the two countries and establishment of a Joint Consultative Committee.
