They also have special abilities and insight.
The Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in the nine-phase construction projects in the railway, road, petroleum and energy
Since last month, he has been giving Mention in regional languages as soon as I have finished speaking.
We started the process of giving full membership to India at the SCO meeting held in Tashkent last year.
The whole country is with the people of the North East in this difficult time.
I would like to say with humility that the tradition of selling khadi since Independence has doubled.
Congratulations to all sports lovers on the opening of the Synthetic Track at the Ujjain School of Athletics
He mentioned the biggest economic reforms in indirect taxation in the country so far, implementation of GST, auctioning of natural resources
The total sales of Khadi and handicrafts items have grown by about 90 per cent this year compared to last year.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
The Council was established 50 years ago and during this period India has been a thriving gem and jewellery industry.
The Prime Minister then showed the green flag to the Unity Run from Major Dhan Chand National Stadium.
It enables disaster prevention agencies to operate more quickly, efficiently and more easily to connect citizens with authorities.
Today the President and I had extensive discussions on various issues.
The purpose of this approval is to ensure that doctors of the Central Health Service (CHS) and other Ministries/Departments
He said this goal has been achieved in about 17,000 villages.
Prime Minister Narendra Modi and Prime Minister Antonio Costa jointly visited the Champagnolo Foundation in Lisbon today.
You are the leader of a great nation.
On the occasion, he unveiled his logo at the start of the Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation scheme.
When I was the Chief Minister of Gujarat, I started the campaign called Read Gujarat with this spirit.
The Prime Minister visited the streets of Varanasi in the evening and assessed the development of the city.
The Prime Minister said that in addition to the National War Memorial, a National Police Memorial has also been established.
Portal and social media related to consumer security have also been integrated.
This Bhagirath effort of cleanliness is a wonderful example of beauty, collectivity and continuity.
We have taken decisive steps and have set up an administrative system that will help India realize its true potential.
He said the nation will never forget the sacrifices of freedom fighters.
During the review of progress in the Prime Minister Housing Yojana (Urban), the Prime Minister underlined the commitment of the Central
Major international financial institutions such as the World Bank and International Monetary Fund (IMF) as well as several well-known agencies like Mo
Establishment of assistance and health facilities in human resource development.
Limited amounts can be withdrawn from ATMs and banks for a very short period.
Therefore, the Swachh Bharat Mission has now included Project Swachh Iconic Places to address this problem.
Today the President and I had extensive discussions on various issues.
He also added that India firmly believes that a strong America is needed for the world.
He reiterated the commitment of the Union Government to provide full access to seven major schemes in 45,000 additional villages in 115 amb
He described tourism as India's ancient concept and spiritual tradition.
The Prime Minister said that the effort to eliminate blood from this country under the National Blood Fever Elimination Programme is a tribute
He said that the role of guardians in the examination is very important.
There, he will unveil a plaque showing the launch of facilities for guests.
In this context, Prime Minister Modi mentioned the International Solar Alliance and the joint efforts of India and France to address this issue.
Even today, knowledge, information or knowledge is a watershed.
He said the Union Government is also emphasizing the development of waterways.
This will also contribute to the economic growth of Kochi.
I am thrilled to lead the Indian delegation as a full member of the first meeting of the Council.
He also asked senior officials of the Union Government to review progress on a weekly basis.
I thanked every party that day.
Shri Govind Singh knew that the greatest service is to end human suffering.
I am happy that many participants from India and abroad have taken the time to come here.
The Prime Minister said the two leaders also discussed countering terrorism and extremism.
I hope that they will perform their best today.
The Prime Minister concluded his address by saying that the efforts being made by the Foundation show the transformation from self to self, in which we
He said the recently announced operation will be beneficial to farmers producing green fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, onions and
As developing countries, we are facing similar challenges.
We also exchanged views on important international and regional issues of mutual interest.
Today's sunrise has brought a new consciousness, a new enthusiasm, a new energy.
The Prime Minister said that I sympathize with the loss of life due to the collapse of the Jagdalpur-Bhu
The competition that will result will increase the accuracy and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
He further said that the Prime Minister's Agricultural Irrigation Scheme envisages water supply to every farm.
Now I will talk about food processing.
This was the fourth in a series of conversations conducted by the Prime Minister through Video Bridge with various beneficiaries of Government schemes.
In this regard, I would like to present to you ten strategic agendas to review our efforts to prevent disasters and reduce risk
We stand with the victims and their families.
He added that he had a dream not only of treating these patients but also of bringing them into the mainstream of our society.
India is not short of good and intelligent lawyers and judges.
The Prime Minister said that sanitation is one of the most important aspects of preventive healthcare.
Now that Kisan credit card will be converted into RuPay card, farmers will be able to buy and sell from anywhere with their
The choices we make today will determine the collective future of all of us.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today met and discussed with the probationers of the 2015 batch of the Indian Police
This time, once again, Yoga has also set a world record.
It is true that the political parties have made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
The Prime Minister visited the memorial.
He said that the Agricultural Science Centres (KVKs) will play an important role in this.
The two sides welcomed the installation of pharmaceutical machinery by the Advanced Pharma Company in Russia.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the total value of these various projects inaugurated and laid the foundation stone is
Shri Modi will unveil a plaque in the form of a symbol of service for 3 billion meals by the Akshay
Today, we have agreed to remove barriers to trade, which will further strengthen our trade partnership.
Talking about technology, he appealed for assistance in the applications of high pressure and high temperature technology, which is relevant for commercial expl
This shows that international bilateral cooperation is not limited to national capitals but has now extended to the capitals of our various states.
We recognize that the urgent need is to stop and eliminate terrorism, violent extremism and extremism.
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before because they are confident that their money is being used properly, for the
I would like to express my special thanks to the administration, government and people of these five states for completing this task.
As the world's largest Muslim population, Indonesia has set an example of democracy, diversity and social harmony.
All of you Chartered Accountants are the same link that links taxpayers and companies to the government.
They discussed their long history and their views on maritime connectivity between the two countries.
Finally, I would like to end my speech by congratulating the people of Kochi, the Kochi Metro Rail Corporation and the
And the holy month of Ramadan was celebrated with the holy spirit.
The Prime Minister walked on the bridge for a few minutes after unveiling the inaugural plaque.
Minister Lee Dryan informed the Prime Minister on the current state of bilateral defence cooperation.
He asked the officials to present a plan of action to reduce such cases during Rajaswas Janana Sangam.
The Prime Minister said that I salute the late Loknaik Jay Prakash Narayan on his birth anniversary.
He praised the efforts of cities to participate in the Challenge Route.
He encouraged teachers to bring digital transformation to their school and its environment.
India hosted the first South Asian Annual Disaster Management Exercise (SAED) in November last year.
If it is in the interest of our country, we will certainly consider it.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the people on World Health Day.
You see, if all the people of a state say this, I will ask the government to verify it and prepare propaganda literature on
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi was informed of the India-Italy Cooperation MoU (
This will benefit both countries.
This day is to strengthen our commitment to strengthen our democracy by successfully participating in the democratic process at local, state and national levels
I wish the heroes and their families who were honoured with various heroic awards on the eve of this Republic Day.
The Prime Minister said that if India wants to establish its position in global trade, it must create the best facilities in the port sector.
She emphasized on women empowerment and women's honour.
He said as a result of these programmes, India has climbed 42nd place in the Ease of Doing Business ranking in the
India has always been an inspiration to others in terms of intelligence and business.
The Prime Minister congratulated the medal winners for their outstanding contribution at the international level.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has expressed his condolences over the loss of life in the cyclone in Tamil
He expressed his satisfaction at the large presence of Japanese companies in India.
Your visit provides us with the necessary opportunity to further, strengthen these friendly relations.
This holy month of Ramadan will certainly help to advance this path of peace, unity and good faith.
When Prime Minister Abe and I visited Varanasi in 2015, we thought about it.
In that interview Field Marshal Maneksh was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
The Prime Minister will arrive at Port Blair on the evening of December 29.
Today I am very proud to say that through collective efforts, the Swachh Bharat Mission has become a successful campaign.
You are right.
He further said that India can only become healthy and great if 125 citizens of India are healthy.
And the holy month of Ramadan was celebrated with the holy spirit.
My dear countrymen, in a few days, Ganeshotvasth will come.
Our military forces have been given full freedom.
I hope that all these will continue to lead by example in controlling plastic pollution.
Prime Minister said, "Tribute to Mahatma Fule on his birthday.
Railways, roads, power are our priority areas.
I once again wish you all the best of Ramanavami.
I would like to thank you especially for your phone.
Ten days ago, India lost her brave sons.
They discussed their long history and their views on maritime connectivity between the two countries.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help them to register in the PM-SYM scheme for people working in the unorganized
The first 100 per cent literate city and the first 100 per cent literate district is Kerala.
The Framework Agreement was signed on 03 September 2016.
The enthusiasm of these doctors friends who are uncompromisingly engaged in service is truly commendable.
He said that the creative environment should be used to build a new India quickly.
International tourism from India to other countries of the world is growing rapidly.
A total of 26 islands have been listed for full development.
The two sides expressed interest in developing mutually beneficial cooperation in the field of joint scientific research, including in the Arctic and other sectors.
Sukanis Mithaly Raj is leading the way.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Cooperation Conference in New Delhi to mark the birth centenary of Sh
And then he printed some of the letters he chose.
The Act East policy of my Government (i.e. Look East) is at the heart of our alliance.
This work was continuous, to bring down our culture, to create a sense of humility in us.
We have introduced a series of administrative reforms to create a positive environment for business in the country.
I congratulate the Ministry of Urban Development, led by Vyankaji, on creating a value capture finance policy framework.
Once during a match in Kolkata, a player from the opposing team hit Dhan Chandji in the head with a hockey.
Regular yoga has a direct impact on the medical expenses of any family.
This will enable the construction of more residential and commercial complexes in the area.
A total of 26 islands have been listed for full development.
Chartered Accountants can start their career in a new field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
One of our major states, Maharashtra, has adopted its plan in this direction.
This reform will allow for the reconciliation of the mediation system with the global system.
It has the power to change the seasons of the entire country.
The outer areas have been healthy.
And then he printed some of the letters he chose.
He said initiatives like the Prime Minister's Safe Maternity Campaign and Mission Indradhanush have played a major role in
He said that India is currently the fastest growing frontier economy.
On the arrival of the holy month of Ramadan, I extend my heartfelt greetings to the people of India and the world
We want more investment from Japan in India.
We want to build an India free from terrorism, racism and communism.
All of these are currently travelling to different parts of India under the Vatan Ko Janam initiative.
His motto of Jai Jan Jai Kisan is the identity of this great personality.
First, the cost of 850 essential medicines was controlled and the cost of equipment for heart stents and knee surgery was reduced.
The operations are being conducted in several countries in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and
My dear countrymen, in Man Ki Baat we are talking about individuals and institutions who are doing something extraordinary for society.
His aim is to transform the country and build a New India.
He said that India is currently the fastest growing frontier economy.
Chief of Army Staff General Dalbir Singh was present at the event.
During the presentation, the CEO of NITI Aayog informed that significant progress has been made in some areas.
Our negotiations covered all issues related to bilateral relations.
My message to global hydrocarbon companies is: We invite you to come and build Make in India.
He said they are committed to providing fair healthcare to the poor and middle class.
He said that on the boundary line of 115 ambitious districts selected by NITI Aayog, States can set their own
The MoU was signed on 31 May 2018.
India's per capita income has doubled in the last 10 years.
He urged all countries to implement UNSC Resolution 1267 and other resolutions submitted in relation to terrorist organizations.
Birthplace Patna, Karm Bhumi in North India and the last moment of life in Nanded.
He said that the Aradakhumb will show how New India is blending heritage and modernity.
We have moved towards digital payments in the retail sale of fuel.
Here, people gave him detailed information about the difficulties and hardships he faced due to the cyclone.
The situation in Karnataka and Tamil Nadu regarding water distribution of Kaveri River is truly worrying.
He said that Indian military strength and our international partnership are responsible for a major reduction in piracy in the Indian Ocean.
Officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office informed the Prime
Through our Make in India initiative, other investment programmes like Digital India and Skill India have received extensive support.
The Prime Minister said that he is saddened by the passing of Zostad Hussain Syeduddin Dagar.
Almost all countries of the world have made this opportunity of yoga their own.
But it is good that the rainy season is moving ahead on time.
We wish peace and prosperity for all.
Increasing maternity leave is a welcome provision.
All these offers offer unprecedented opportunities for Japanese industry.
The meeting was attended by Chief Minister Vijay Rupani, other senior Ministers as well as top officials of State Government, Disaster
The MoU was signed during the visit of the Palestinian Foreign Minister to India in May 2017.
Arbitration processes will now be accelerated as the Arbitration Law has been reformed.
On January 26, we all celebrated our Republic Day with enthusiasm and enthusiasm in every corner of the country.
Think of the suffering suffered by those who desired freedom.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, today attended the Cooperation Conference in New Delhi to mark the birth centenary of Sh
The same game is known by different names in different places.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining the Jurassic in the Co-operative Movement, which keeps rural areas
The best structure of society must be created from the foundations of knowledge.
Not only that, hairdressers are also changing the hairstyle of their client.
The Prime Minister assured the players that the Government will provide them with the necessary assistance and facilities.
Until now, Indian importers had to go abroad to look for and buy rough diamonds.
With this in mind, the Union Government is also running the Sagarmala programme.
Friends, our cultural and commercial heritage will be as strong in the future as the emotional bond between us.
The Manrega budget also works for water conservation.
The operations are being conducted in several countries in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and
Unita has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
The urge to escape the stresses of modern life often leads people to use tobacco, alcohol, or drugs.
Sitting together and taking an anchor, the people felt a sense of unity and equality.
He stressed that the operation will follow the rules and laws.
The two sides stressed the need to establish cooperation between the National Institute of Railways and Transport (Vadotra) and the Russian University
A teacher asked the Prime Minister what teachers should say to parents who are stressed and have unrealistic expectations about their children'
Currently, insurance access in most countries of the region is limited to medium and high middle income groups.
They will witness the e-housing entry of 240 beneficiary families.
This new tradition of people participation for our country, our effort is to take the country forward through people participation.
He said that this statue will continue to remind future generations of the capacity and determination of Sardar Patel.
â€¢ In our country, cows are considered sacred and given maternal status.
India has also given hockey many great players.
Not only that, hairdressers are also changing the hairstyle of their client.
Prior to the summit, the Prime Minister welcomed the BRICS leaders and BIMSTEC families.
We have made long-term legislative reforms.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of maintaining the Jurassic in the Co-operative Movement, which keeps rural areas
125 crore citizens of India will celebrate the new year with new resolve, new spirit, new spirit, new dreams.
He said that the efforts that will transform the tourism sector are consistent.
Over the last three years, about 150 lakh hectares of land have benefited from this type of water conservation and water management measures
He said proper mapping is needed at the district level so that we can understand our diverse talents and create infrastructure plans accordingly.
Hundreds of civilians have lost their lives in the recent earthquake and tsunami in Sulawesi region of Indonesia, for which the
The Prime Minister encouraged them to devote their energies to working with other government agencies to improve the living standards of people in their
Your Honour, Prime Minister Mark Rutte,
We need to ensure that it is built to the best available standards of disaster prevention and safety.
She emphasized on women empowerment and women's honour.
The Prime Minister said that today's meeting reflects the hopes and aspirations of the people of India.
This is a true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
His courage and patriotism have kept our country safe.
Russia reaffirms India's claim to permanent membership by amending the UN Security Council.
The government has also taken steps to combat corruption.
I am also looking forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during this visit.
I was once again fortunate to celebrate Diwali with our Jambaz security forces deployed on the border.
I bow to all those heroes with all my heart and respect.
The rain is waiting in the eye of the storm.
2. Drug control and pharmaceutical quality control
The Prime Minister instructed the officials to set clear targets to improve the taxation structure in the country by the year of 75th
Referring to the Atal Incubation Centre which was inaugurated today, he said that start-ups have started to join it
The Prime Ministers agreed that strong partnerships can help to accelerate innovation, economic growth, long-term solutions and mutually beneficial
In this regard, I would like to present to you ten strategic agendas to review our efforts to prevent disasters and reduce risk
My dear countrymen, today as we are discussing about Netaji Subhaschandra Bose and also in Man Ki Baat
The Prime Minister said that every effort is being made to ensure an innovative experience for the devotees who come to Ardhakum.
He said this reflects India's eagerness to set global standards.
His lifetime gives a glimpse of the whole of India.
The Prime Minister noted that medicines are available at JAN AUSHADI Centres at prices 50 to 99 per cent lower than the
Now is the festival of Eid.
He added that the Union Government has approved 100 per cent FDI in the healthcare system.
He said that this would eliminate mediation and save the government.
While financial assistance worth Rs. 2 lakh will be provided to the families of each deceased, Rs. 50,000 will be provided to sever
(v) Establish dialogue in the defence sector to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
To benefit all departments and regions.
In the past, India had gained a global reputation for producing and exporting some commodities.
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhaschandra Bose had thro
The whole world has seen its price rise and fall.
It is not possible if the family will always reject the child and expect the street people to respect the child.
It is not possible if the family will always reject the child and expect the street people to respect the child.
He said that once the sea wall is completed, this will help in securing the Car-Nicobar Islands.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has congratulated the citizens on National Voters Day.
Over 100 public service areas are available to the country's citizens on their mobile phones through Umang App.
Unita has won gold and bronze medals at the World Para Athletics Grand Prix 2018 in Tunisia.
He said that as Sardar Patel united the country politically, GST will ensure economic integration.
Today, along with the work of human rights at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have been set up.
President Tamer's visit will open the door to new areas of cooperation with our important strategic partner Brazil.
Cooperation in defence and security
Under that scheme, our fishermen brothers and sisters will get loans from the government, grants, subsidies.
During the 26th meeting today, the Prime Minister reviewed the progress made in the process of resolving and resolving complaints related
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has expressed his condolences over the loss of life in a bus accident in Mandi
Make it a habit for children to climb the ladder instead of climbing the elevator.
He said that along with Varanasi, the entire country now shows the vision of how the state-of-the-art infrastructure can
In this event, we won 13 medals and 3 medals in mixed events.
Here, people gave him detailed information about the difficulties and hardships he faced due to the cyclone.
The Prime Minister will inaugurate modern food processing facilities in Anand, including the state-of-the-art chocolate plant in Amul
While acknowledging the cultural significance of Jhalikattu, the Prime Minister noted that the matter was a matter of contention in
My dear countrymen, the Nilkurinji flower grows once every 12 years in our country.
The fortress is a symbol of our heritage.
The Prime Minister then showed the green flag to the Unity Run from Major Dhan Chand National Stadium.
This shows your real potential and the aspirations of the people are being fulfilled at record speed.
As for 2017-18, I have spent 55 per cent of the total expenditure of Rs 64,000 crore on water conservation.
It contains the basic mantras of Bhagavad Gita along with criticism.
He said that the Co-operative Movement can play a key role in achieving these objectives.
On the occasion, he unveiled his logo at the start of the Preserve Mother Earth, and Transfer to Next Generation scheme.
It has the potential to build a better society and a better country.
Write a few stories about not only the natural beauty but also the life of the people there.
In particular, he called for innovative approaches in areas such as skill development and tourism.
The Prime Minister further said that the recently announced Ayushman Bharat Yojana is transforming the health sector.
Appreciating the various social initiatives undertaken by the Daoudi Wohra community, the Prime Minister said that the Government has taken
During the review of the coal sector, the Prime Minister called for renewed efforts towards underground mining and gasification of coal using
Nevertheless, we have controlled the price of petrol and diesel.
The Prime Minister said that postmen and postmen have long held a respectable position in the villages and have access to every home in
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi will be a fitting tribute to our soldiers who have sacrificed their lives for
This should be a festival of passion and enthusiasm that has been worked hard all year, which is now time to show.
I pray for speedy recovery of those injured in the train accident.
They want a stable policy and a cooperative framework to ensure the safe protection of their investments.
Look at the inflation rate that was rising rapidly, 2012-13, 11, 12, 13 - if it had risen so rapidly
I congratulate the millions of people, especially the poor, who have benefited from this initiative.
This has been implemented across India by removing a large number of taxes at the regional and central levels.
The roads under the Central Road Fund (CRF) will be laid by pressing the roads button.
From the perspective of foreign investors, India is considered the least risky political economy.
The Prime Minister said, Congratulations to all the soldiers, veterans and their families on Army Day.
On the issue of the Citizenship Bill, the Prime Minister urged the people not to be fooled by the rumors surrounding
He said that a teacher is bound to the stream of knowledge for life.
He encouraged children to study and develop an interest in sports.
He devoted his life to eliminating suffering and injustice in society.
Thank you, Nandri.
In the World Bank's 2018 report on ease of doing business, India has jumped 42nd place in the last three years and
The Prime Minister said that India can achieve great success in football.
India House heroes in London, including Savarkar, celebrated its 50th anniversary with a smoke.
The Prime Minister stressed that the poor and backward sections of society should get the most benefits under this scheme.
Women are empowered, but now they are also armed.
My young friends, you know very well that I am constantly chanting "Mann Ki Baat".
The Government has taken a number of steps to boost investment.
A Japanese colony has been announced today.
Dr. Abdullah expressed gratitude on behalf of Afghanistan for India's continued support for infrastructure development and capacity building in Afghanistan.
The Prime Minister will address the centennial celebrations of Patna University.
The Prime Minister said it is essential to find the last person online to get the benefits of governance.
On the occasion of World Environment Day, it has been decided to take on a major challenge this year.
The projects reviewed today included the construction of the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor and four new AIIMSs in Mangalgiri
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
The visit coincides with the completion of a decade of strategic partnership between the two countries.
Building infrastructure for communication, sharing best practices, taking new steps to build capacity and launching joint campaigns are topics that can be
The Prime Minister recalled his visit to the Cellular Jail and the point where Netaji Subhaschandra Bose had thro
As developing countries, we are facing similar challenges.
You are right.
Works like the Encyclopedia of Hinduism are available in different languages, which is incredibly useful for increasing understanding and raising awareness
They will not be left behind.
Shri Narendra Modi said that he considers himself fortunate to have had the opportunity to do social work among the tribes in his
The government is also considering what will be discussed and I think a very good discussion will be held in the session.
For example, the local fire service will visit a school in their area every week and inform thousands of children over the course of a year about
The establishment of JWG on counter terrorism by India and Morocco will help in cases related to terrorist attacks.
We have just started to implement the law strictly.
The projects inaugurated include the Integrated Power Development Scheme (IPDS) for Old Kashi and the Atal Incubation
Therefore, we are constantly working to improve our investment environment.
If such a blessed coincidence of yesterday, today and tomorrow occurs, then yoga will take on a new dimension.
The Prime Minister stressed the importance of being proud of our history and rich archaeological heritage.
Team members presented the Prime Minister with a signed bat, ball and team jersey named after the Prime Minister.
The aim of this campaign was to turn the young generation especially towards reading.
(v) Establish dialogue in the defence sector to develop a comprehensive action plan on security cooperation.
Recently, the Government of India has validated the characteristics for the rolling stock and signalling system of Metro Rail.
The Prime Minister said that if India wants to establish its position in global trade, it must create the best facilities in the port sector.
If it is among the youth of any country, it will not only advance in the fields of economy, science and technology, but also in
He also said that the Fair and Return on Prices (FRP) for sugar cane for the year 2018-19 will be announced within the
I wish you all the best of luck.
He added that this will also create confidence among the common people, which is an important aspect of the New India.
The first 100 per cent literate city and the first 100 per cent literate district is Kerala.
He said that the Union Government is working with the vision of integration in all the developing regions of the country.
Therefore, my brothers and sisters, it is very important to build trust in the minds of the common citizen of the country by
He said the new constitution of the Council has improved the quality of discussion as a result.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has paid homage to Babu Jag Jiwan Ram on his birth anniversary.
The two sides stressed the importance of maintaining multilateral dialogue on this topic within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional
There are reports of concern due to overcrowding in some places.
He said entrepreneurship and innovation should be the guiding principles in the 21st century.
The Prime Minister stressed that a country cannot progress unless it values and values its history and heritage.
He noted that these awards are being given at a time when India is celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi
The progress of important projects in the road and rail sector such as Eastern Peripheral Expressway, Four Dham Project, Kwazigund-
The delegation also appreciated the implementation of the scheme for the welfare of minority communities under the aegis of the Union
The Prime Minister also laid the foundation stone of a scheme for pipeline water supply to rural areas of Bundelkhand region under the Government
He said the Union Government is also emphasizing the development of waterways.
You will be pleased to know that the productivity of Lok Sabha was 118 per cent and Rajya Sabha was 74 per cent
The Prime Minister expressed his joy that on this occasion, Bhave Vishnu Jan To Call Him Rae Bhajan, which was the
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today inaugurated the state-of-the-art super specialty Rasilaben Sev
Road connectivity in rural areas is now 90 per cent.
He said connectivity in the North East will also connect the region with the economy of Southeast Asia.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will visit the Andaman and Nicobar Islands on 29 and 30 December 2018.
For this they need a special arbitration lawyer.
The Prime Minister emphasized the equal importance of both intellectual quotient and emotional quotient in the life of a student.
Addressing the audience, the Prime Minister said that innovation plays a key role in bringing people of India and Israel closer together.
It is a calendar filled with very important events in the life of the nation.
Indeed, as many people say, this is the century of Asia.
My best wishes to the countrymen on this holy festival of Ramanavami.
Today, 11th August is associated with a historic date.
This work was continuous, to bring down our culture, to create a sense of humility in us.
In the World Bank's 2018 report on ease of doing business, India has jumped 42nd place in the last three years and
The Prime Minister noted the unprecedented progress made by Israel in the field of technology and the long tradition of courage and martyr
We were touched by the decision of President Moon to send First Lady as Special Representative in Ayodhya in November last year.
The whole atmosphere is filled with holy fragrance.
The Prime Minister congratulated the campaign on its success.
The Prime Minister will also lay the foundation stone of the construction of the Northern Regional Centre Campus of Indian Institute of Mass Communication in Jam
Whether it is the thousands of feet high mountains of the Himalayas or the early-warming desert, yoga enriches
The occasion of the worship of Vidya is considered.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings to the Air Force Veterans and their families on Air Force
The two leaders commended the major achievements achieved in the special and close strategic relations between the two countries in the past year.
Jayalalithaa's engagement with the citizens, efforts for the welfare of the poor, women and the disadvan
There, he will unveil a plaque showing the launch of facilities for guests.
When we learn about his courage, bravery, and bravery, we are surprised and proud and inspired.
Now, in the new year, efforts will be made to bring banks back to normalcy quickly.
Package of 12 services for free universal screening for general NCD.
The Prime Minister added that we are constantly working to make the process of doing business easier for small entrepreneurs.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has tweeted prayers for the safety of those affected by Hurricane Varda.
The Prime Minister said that this honour is truly Indian culture, Indian tradition and all Indians.
The coming together of many countries to celebrate International Yoga Day is a demonstration of the true essence of Yoga, unity, un
May the blessings of the Himalayas be upon you all.
The Prime Minister said it was a pleasure to know that all the people of Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Maharaja
We are now an international seventh-largest economy.
His unfathomable courage is an inspiration to us.
Today, along with the work of human rights at the national level, 26 State Human Rights Commissions have been set up.
The Prime Minister said that special attention is being paid to the skill development of rural youth through the Dindyal Endyoda Yojana.
India is not short of good and intelligent lawyers and judges.
Over the last three years, we have worked hard to make business easier.
This will enable the construction of more residential and commercial complexes in the area.
The programme was a collective recitation of the verses of Sunderhalli.
He said that various projects worth Rs 12 lakh crore are progressing at this pace.
He added that the Central Government gives the highest priority to the development of East India.
The meeting between the two sides discussed the Supreme Court's ban on Jhalakattu.
But the situation in the House is that the Empire is in more trouble than the athletes.
We have widely accepted standards and criteria for assessing the risk associated with natural disasters such as earthquakes.
A Japanese colony has been announced today.
He will release a document showing the achievements of the Government.
He said that the premium has been reduced through the Prime Minister's crop insurance scheme, the maximum limit on insurance has been abol
First of all, I would like to thank NITI Aayog for hosting such a global conference.
I am grateful to Akbar Sahab.
In the same way, a joint statement covering every global issue was also issued.
The Prime Minister said, Congratulations to all of you on National Voters Day.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi has extended his greetings to the Air Force Veterans and their families on Air Force
I urged him to change the brain drain into brain gain.
This work will pave a long way for the construction of a New India.
Three, He expressed his desire for the private sector to be a partner in the distribution of the gas sector.
Earlier this year, he was honoured with the Padma Shri.
This is the fifth in a series of conversations with the beneficiaries of various Government schemes by the Prime Minister via Video Bridge.
Solar energy is growing rapidly in India today.
The two sides stressed the importance of maintaining multilateral dialogue on this topic within the framework of the East Asia Summits and other regional
The Prime Minister exchanged views with the members of the delegation on bilateral partnership and other issues of mutual interest.
The two sides appreciated the efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the States of India and the regions of Russia.
The state of law and order is being closely monitored.
The Prime Minister assured him of India's full and constructive support in carrying out his new responsibility.
The two sides appreciated the efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the States of India and the regions of Russia.
On 15th August 2017, they had waved the triangles at Khardong La, Ladakh.
33 cities of Tamil Nadu have also been included in Amrut Mission.
In this regard, he referred to the Code of Conduct on Bankruptcy and Insolvency.
Shri Govind Singh knew that the greatest service is to end human suffering.
I wish all the countrymen the best of luck on all these holidays.
Prime Minister said, "Tribute to Mahatma Fule on his birthday.
The MoU was signed on 25th September 2018.
The Prime Minister said that service is an integral part of our culture.
You have kept our culture alive in your own way.
The Prime Minister said that GST will lead to a modern tax system that is simpler, more transparent and will help reduce corruption.
Friends, our cultural and commercial heritage will be as strong in the future as the emotional bond between us.
He said that the construction of toilets is ending social imbalances and becoming a tool for socio-economic empowerment and women
The world has turned to India and Yoga for a permanent and lasting solution to these problems.
I assure you of all possible assistance from the Government.
Every young player, his passion is the identity of New India.
Once the scheme is launched, the Border Tax Administration of both countries will be committed to advancing it.
Brothers and sisters, our country today is full of treasures of manna.
We are both a democracy full of diversity.
Indian women have played a leading role in the work of establishing peace.
Today, our fishermen take small boats to the sea, they do not even know that they are on the Indian border or have cross
The 21st century is as present as the message of Lord Buddha was 2.5 thousand years ago.
Sitting together and taking an anchor, the people felt a sense of unity and equality.
The Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Environmental Cooperation Agreement between India and Finland.
I am also looking forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during this visit.
Now is the time to discuss this matter, find a way.
It has the potential to build a better society and a better country.
During his tenure, the timing of the presentation of the Budget changed.
My Government has given historic priority to railways to increase energy capacity.
The delegation strongly supported the Prime Minister's vision to make India a 5 trillion dollar economy in the future.
Our people-to-people connections and exchanges have always been the foundation of our friendly relations.
The Prime Minister appealed to citizens to help them to register in the PM-SYM scheme for people working in the unorganized
The Prime Minister said that more people are paying taxes than ever before because they are confident that their money is being used properly, for the
He was the architect of the restoration of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
The UAE can benefit from combining our growth in manufacturing and services.
His efforts to empower the poor will always be remembered.
In the same way, when you are strong as a nation, you can also live peacefully with all.
The presence of President Ramaphosa on Republic Day tomorrow and the participation as the chief guest is a symbol of our mutual commitment to further
I am saddened and saddened by his passing.
This month of October is a month to remember many great men.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister expressed confidence that the Union Government will play a key role in spreading the values and vision of
The Prime Minister is in constant contact with the Chief Minister on the flood situation.
Gradually, work will move in that direction.
The Prime Minister said that 25 per cent of the world's 500 largest companies come under the government sector of some country.
The Fund will be used to repair, maintain and strengthen roads, highways, bridges and other damaged infrastructure.
It is true that the political parties have made meaningful efforts to reform the system from time to time.
The organisation aims to reach 300 million disadvantaged people by 2022.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the states affected by cyclone through the Relief Package.
We want to build an India free from terrorism, racism and communism.
He also inaugurated the Lungampokpa Multi Sports Complex, Queen Gaidinlu Park and other important development works.
A good start.
The results of our efforts in terms of economic growth and development are being seen.
The two sides aim to establish institutional relations of technical bilateral cooperation to promote and facilitate mutual flexibility and cooperation on innovative and
Congratulations to ISRO on the successful launch of India's heaviest, largest and most advanced communications satellite, JS
My heart goes out to the families of the victims.
India is not short of good and intelligent lawyers and judges.
Our soldiers also did yoga in Sichuan, where the temperature is minus 20, 25, 40 degrees.
The two sides reviewed the recent investments made by Indian companies in the diamond industry in the Russian Far East.
I have to admit that I had no idea that this proposal would be immediately taken up by most countries of the world.
I am aware that the Government of Sri Lanka is taking various steps to improve your living standards, including a five-year National Action Plan.
Shri Modi said that young athletes should encourage the youth generation to participate in sports in schools and villages.
India has won the Asia Cup of Hockey by playing a great game in hockey.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern U
The Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi today met all the Secretaries of the various Ministries of the Government of India in an informal
The choices we make today will determine the collective future of all of us.
Our country will witness a historic purgatory soon after Diwali.
He recalled that Indian troops played a vital role in liberating Haifa during World War I.
India has fulfilled its promise with the successful launch of South Asia Satellite.
So I would like to know your thoughts on this current direction of education and its future.
The Air Force also responded to the enemy in 1965.
Addressing the public in Ahmedabad, the Prime Minister spoke in detail about the ambition and willpower of New India.
We know how to deliver the sweet fruits of progress and prosperity to the common citizen.
They will witness the e-housing entry of 240 beneficiary families.
Sri Lanka and the whole world appreciates your contribution.
India is currently the third largest country in terms of purchasing power.
The Prime Minister congratulated the people of Indore on advancing the Swachh Bharat Mission.
I have spoken to Chief Minister of Arunachal Pradesh, Pam Khandu and other officials in both Delhi and the states
You see, if all the people of a state say this, I will ask the government to verify it and prepare propaganda literature on
There is also a deep sense of social responsibility and moral conduct among the citizens.
Private companies are also joining the portal in large numbers.
The Prime Minister said that Yoga can also help to increase concentration.
I want to assure you that the steps taken by the Government are to put the country in a new league of development in the coming
We know how to deliver the sweet fruits of progress and prosperity to the common citizen.
Our United Payment Interface System or UPI and Bhim App and RuPay Card showcase the potential of India's digital economy
The cost of the guarantee will be borne by the Central Government and the interest rate on it will be low.
The Prime Minister assured them of India's full and constructive cooperation in the fulfilment of their new responsibilities.
The Prime Minister congratulated the campaign on its success.
Today, we all live in a connected world.
Make your potential a part of India's potential.
Talking about technology, he appealed for assistance in the applications of high pressure and high temperature technology, which is relevant for commercial expl
In the entire operation, a Thai Navy veteran lost his life.
This opportunity will not be lost, friends.
As a result, more than 32,000 cases were confirmed and treated.
The Prime Minister said that there are plenty of opportunities in the tourism sector and the world is in a rush to come to India.
The Prime Minister mentioned that the independence movement was only possible because of the visionary efforts of Mahatma Gandhi.
He was the architect of the restoration of diplomatic relations between India and Portugal.
Arbitration processes will now be accelerated as the Arbitration Law has been reformed.
All the best for his game today.
It also requires efficiency in energy consumption.
He added that India will also make an important contribution in this regard.
There are still many major challenges ahead of us.
He praised the officials who facilitated this change.
Diwali you all must have celebrated with great joy.
I believe that reading and knowledge should not be limited to the aspects of the work.
I hope that at every level, at every moment, the importance given to rights should be given to duties as well.
It is not a test of your life.
He will also address the audience.
It is estimated that between 1 and 1.5 lakh knee operations are performed in the country every year.
He said that the construction of toilets is ending social imbalances and becoming a tool for socio-economic empowerment and women
He expressed hope that the Government will achieve the goal of 100 per cent rural road connectivity very soon.
He noted that India is on the verge of becoming a gas-based economy.
Not only two minutes, but it should also convey collective, resolve and faith in the martyrs.
But we must not forget that it is not only government, money, schemes, power that get the job done.
He added that our Government makes decisions in the interest of the country, not for political gain.
The Prime Minister is leading the campaign, who has appealed to the people to send messages to our brave military personnel through special videos on
We agreed to maintain the pace of our relations in various key areas including energy and investment.
These projects have spread to several states such as Haryana, Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, Uttar
We also need to move towards transparent and favourable markets for both oil and gas.
He said that the joy of the beneficiaries seen in today's presentation was felt by all present.
He practiced constitutional, tax and company related cases in the Guwahati High Court.
In Ahmedabad, Gujarat, about 55 thousand people have set a new world record by doing yoga together.
Our people-to-people connections and exchanges have always been the foundation of our friendly relations.
The Prime Minister also stressed the importance of the Farmers Producers Union.
The two sides expressed satisfaction with the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
These are all the three countries with which India has a strong strategic partnership.
My condolences to the families of the deceased.
The Prime Minister said that we are truly proud of Kidambi SriKant's victory in the Australian Open.
The Prime Minister said that if the dirt is not removed and cleaned up, it leads to conditions that are then accepted.
He said that besides the sugar sector, we should consider making bamboo products globally competitive.
The world has turned to India and Yoga for a permanent and lasting solution to these problems.
This month of October is a month to remember many great men.
It has the potential to build a better society and a better country.
This is an area that India needs to survive in the competition.
Our cultural connection is growing.
The Prime Minister said that the 21st century world is interconnected and interdependent.
He said the new constitution of the Council has improved the quality of discussion as a result.
More than 90 per cent of approvals are obtained on autonomous routes.
I am happy to share the positive results of the Budget Session with you.
Thank you, Nandri.
All nations of the Asia-Pacific region should work together to advance our efforts to build a strong disaster response framework.
This year marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
I am going to meet political leaders and friends in Nepal.
The Government has taken several transformative initiatives.
The women beneficiaries also shared how the self-help group has brought about positive change in their lives.
This revolution will bring about a rural economy that will further strengthen the Indian economy.
We have abolished the FDI Encouragement Board.
Countries of the world want to work side by side with India on the path of peace and stability.
The practice of dumping or dirting within the four walls of these places is considered immoral, impure or unclean.
We are with Portugal in this moment of mourning.
I urge all of you to take an enthusiastic part in this campaign.
Jayalalithaa's engagement with the citizens, efforts for the welfare of the poor, women and the disadvan
President Xi and I will exchange views on important issues of bilateral and global importance.
And Cyprus has always maintained warm and friendly relations.
This year, October 2 is of special significance.
A number of events are being organised across the country in the year of the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
This will facilitate the movement of trains and will also contribute to the overall development of Bundelkhand region.
And then he printed some of the letters he chose.
He was Vice President at the time and I felt his enthusiasm and affection for India during our first visit.
This will greatly increase the strength of our strategic defence.
He said connectivity in the North East will also connect the region with the economy of Southeast Asia.
He said that Tara Kot Road will provide an alternative route to reach the Mother Vaishno Devi temple which will be helpful to the travel
The Act East policy of my Government (i.e. Look East) is at the heart of our alliance.
The Prime Minister congratulated Shri M. Vainikaya Naidu Garu on being elected as Vice President of India.
He added that the Central Government gives the highest priority to the development of East India.
In many parts of the country, our soldiers and farmers were committed to show their bravery in protesting against injustice.
This revolution will bring about a rural economy that will further strengthen the Indian economy.
A few days ago I had the opportunity to attend my favorite program.
India will soon launch the South Asia satellite in the spirit of regional cooperation.
I wish all the countrymen the best of luck on all these holidays.
This year marks the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi.
And the holy month of Ramadan was celebrated with the holy spirit.
The Prime Minister said that Gurudev Ravindranath Tagore always wanted Indian students to keep pace with the development of the entire world and
We have accelerated the process of policy-making in this area.
Cyprus and India have close economic ties.
He had the power and intelligence to mirror the mistakes of the British rulers.
He said that the Union Government has decided that the Minimum Supported Price (MSP) for all the proposed crops will be one
He also called on the University to work towards the full development of all these 100 villages.
My dear countrymen, next month I will come among you again for next 'Mann Ki Baat'.
First, the cabinet size in the States was limited to 15 per cent of the total Assembly seats.
I am also looking forward to interacting with the Indian community in Portugal during this visit.
The GST programme and the tough measures taken against corruption have helped people to conduct business with integrity.
We have removed barriers and increased the average rate of implementation in this area.
Over the last two years, we have been moving towards a system with lower taxes in terms of corporate.
I look forward to enhancing our relations and connections in a way that will contribute to the progress of all Indians and Sri Lankans
The Prime Minister reiterated India's commitment to fully support Afghanistan's efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the task of building India into one formula.
A specific operation has to be planned and implemented at the local level.
The number of new taxpayers filing income tax returns has doubled.
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will support the states affected by cyclone through the Relief Package.
The 10 questions in the survey are as follows:
It provides an opportunity for us to emerge as a leading arbitration jurisdiction.
We can imagine what their minds will be like when the world is gone at this young age.
The passenger capacity in the aviation sector has grown to 282 million passengers per year.
He thanked the people who owned the property around the temple and allowed it to be acquired for the project.
Recently 30 nanosatellites were launched.
Our partnership will also play a key role in preventing terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
Addressing the occasion, the Prime Minister said that the affection he receives in Kutch is unparalleled.
The scheme is also important in that it will provide water supply to the drought-affected region of Bundelkhand.
Our astronauts made a remarkable achievement last month.
We have amended our Foreign Direct Investment (FDI) policies in June this year.
Everyone should have dreams for the Olympics.
I pray that the wounded are quickly healed.
Describing this day as historic, the Prime Minister dedicated the PM-SYM Yojana to 42 crore strong labourers of
The high-level review meeting was attended by officials from the Prime Minister's Office (PMO), NITI Aayog and other
These figures show how the government has emerged from the policy paralysis to play the role of policy maker and policy implementer.
Badminton star Kidambi SriKanth has made every Indian feel proud by winning the Danish Open title with an outstanding
India has a much lower per capita consumption of plastic than many developed countries.
One of the main reasons for this type of illness in youth is the lack of physical activity in our lifestyle and changes in our eating
In 1817 there was a Pika rebellion against British rule in Odisha.
As I am speaking to you today, the holy month of Ramadan has already begun.
Private companies are also joining the portal in large numbers.
Earlier, he had expressed his condolences over the loss of livestock in the forest fires in Portugal.
He had a fountain in the realization of the idea.
India is one of the largest investment-friendly economies in the world.
The Prime Minister also appreciated the progress in technology cooperation in the defence sector between the two countries.
We started the process of giving full membership to India at the SCO meeting held in Tashkent last year.
This will enable the construction of more residential and commercial complexes in the area.
Jasmer Singh went to work every morning before Rajni and his brothers and sisters got up.
During a public meeting in Ujjir, the Prime Minister distributed RuPay cards to account holders of the PM Jan Dhan Yo
India is going through many major changes.
I appealed to people to give books instead of gifts of flowers.
Today it is a joy for the cherry farmers that our ethanol production has tripled.
Brazil is one of our most important economic partners in Latin America.
To achieve this objective, the Make in India campaign has been launched.
This is a true spirit of women empowerment across the country.
Therefore, the Swachh Bharat Mission has now included Project Swachh Iconic Places to address this problem.
This has helped to save fuel up to Rs 27 lakh per day.
The remainder of the land will be managed in accordance with the guidelines of the Department of Investment and Government Assets Management (DIP
We have set a target of 175 GWh of renewable energy capacity by 2022.
His profound thoughts and principles have left an indelible mark on society.
He said that the High-Speed Corridor will be a rapid growth area in the future.
It will help to facilitate effective institutional dialogue between India and Thailand.
They also have special abilities and insight.
From a list of reasons to case law, a lawyer's library is now just a click away from a mobile phone.
The request of the State Government to increase human days as per the estimated need of the State will be considered.
He added that GST implementation is a complex task which could be the subject of study in the future.
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
The award will be presented by the Seoul Peace Prize Foundation at a mutually convenient time.
I know well how much damage any political party can do by taking action against black money, canceling fake companies.
The Governing Council reviews the work done during the previous year and considers future development priorities.
The construction of IIT, IIM, AIIMS is going on at a fast pace.
In the field of education, a major step has been taken to create a world-class university and to free it from restrictions.
When Prime Minister Abe and I visited Varanasi in 2015, we thought about it.
It seems like a life-or-death question.
It is the responsibility of all our countrymen to keep historical heritage safe and clean.
The Government is working on building infrastructure like highways, railways etc. on the one hand, while on the other hand, it is
Red jaim has been laid for foreign investors in the sector.
I hope that the industry will be in constant contact with the state governments.
To achieve inclusive development across the world, cooperative relations between producers and consumers must be maintained.
There is a great need for roads, railways and sea roads.
The competition that will result will increase the accuracy and effectiveness of our marketing companies.
The President and I agreed that India offers excellent investment opportunities for Cypriot entrepreneurs.
You have seen the measures taken within 100 hours of the attack.
The two leaders commended the major achievements achieved in the special and close strategic relations between the two countries in the past year.
Russia reaffirms India's claim to permanent membership by amending the UN Security Council.
New laws have been made, old laws have been made stricter.
We are expressing our importance through fast fighter aircraft.
You have seen the measures taken within 100 hours of the attack.
They can also be identified as nutrient-rich and climate-friendly crops.
I would like to congratulate Betty Shivangi very much.
I thanked every party that day.
Road connectivity in rural areas is now 90 per cent.
If we practice Asan and Pranayama regularly, we can avoid many diseases along with good health.
The Prime Minister said that the campaign against black money by his government is a decisive and bold step.
It is now easier to get approval from various institutions.
This will facilitate students interested in film from the North East.
The Prime Minister said, "We salute the brave men and women who died during the brutal attack on our Parliament building on this day in 2001.
The Prime Minister instructed the officials to set clear targets to improve the taxation structure in the country by the year of 75th
The Prime Minister said that the Union Government will do everything possible to provide sufficient water to the farmers.
He addressed the crowd and described water as a sacred gift of nature.
We are proud to be the global host of World Environment Day 2018.
President Xi and I will exchange views on important issues of bilateral and global importance.
As a popular business hub, they are far above in ease of doing business.
India Japan Business Meeting (BUSINESS PLANARY) will be held on the same day.
The Joint Statement on Maritime Cooperation is the agenda of our partnership in this field.
Aesthetic Hariri is a collection of verses composed by Adi Shankaracharya.
Every sector of society, every class of people gave themselves to the freedom struggle movement at the call of Mahatma Gandhi.
His patience and diligent approach to the game will certainly help the whole team.
India is currently the third largest country in terms of purchasing power.
He said that the Amul brand is famous worldwide and has become a source of inspiration to the whole world.
The National War Memorial near India Gate in New Delhi will be a fitting tribute to our soldiers who have sacrificed their lives for
Talking about the Self-Help Group (SHG), the Prime Minister said that the self-help group plays an important
I will also visit some religious sites with cultural ties to India.
These measures have led our economy to move rapidly towards growth.
This is why mass rapid transportation is essential to alleviate the increasing pressure on urban infrastructure.
But if we don't have confidence in our strength, our capacity, no one will accept.
He will also announce the Innovation and Start-up Policies for the Andaman and Nicobar Islands.
His unfathomable courage is an inspiration to us.
The Prime Minister will also inaugurate the Homi Bhabha Cancer Hospital Lehartara.
Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe will hold the 12th India-Japan Annual Summit at the Mahatma Temple in Gandhinagar on
â€¢ Insurance Companies have also been instructed to pay the insurance claims of those affected by the cyclone Ochi on an
This figure also shows the state of enthusiasm and enthusiasm of the youth of Tamil Nadu towards self-employment
I hope that at every level, at every moment, the importance given to rights should be given to duties as well.
100 years ago, the first Satyagraha movement was launched in Champaaran in 1917 under the leadership of Mahatma Gandhi.
Today, Kochi Metro was inaugurated and I am happy to be part of this historic occasion.
The Council was established 50 years ago and during this period India has been a thriving gem and jewellery industry.
Today we cannot forget that without these great men, the history of the country is incomplete.
The National War Memorial complex features a central memorial pillar, a permanent flame and bronze murals of famous battles fought
All the best for his game today.
But I was inspired to see their courage, hard work and enthusiasm to come out of every circumstance and start ane
The Prime Minister will today inaugurate and lay the foundation stone of various development projects in Kutch.
This is the highest FDI ever recorded, as well as the highest growth in FDI in India to date.
The Prime Minister said the Government is focused on providing affordable healthcare to the poor.
We are expressing our importance through fast fighter aircraft.
Your generation has also suffered a lot.
This will be the fourth annual summit between Prime Minister Modi and Prime Minister Abe.
The Manrega budget also works for water conservation.
You may have heard a lot about Kumbh.
This year we are hosting the Global Mobility Conference.
The UAE is one of our most important partner countries and a close friend of India in important areas of the world.
He was joined by senior officials of the bank.
Today, we have agreed to remove barriers to trade, which will further strengthen our trade partnership.
He expressed his belief in the power of education.
Generally, when there is a movement to make the future of the country brighter, the government and the people are in front of
The Prime Minister said that Yoga can also help to increase concentration.
I would like to begin by expressing my condolences for the loss of lives in the recent earthquake in Akah.
You speak one of the oldest classical languages in the world.
One of these galleries, which is 153 meters high, can be seen by 200 spectators.
Portal and social media related to consumer security have also been integrated.
Bhim Aadhaar app is a digital transaction card in the world numbering in the millions.
Prime Minister Costa himself is a football fan.
Under the vision of the comprehensive master health care scheme of Ayushman Bharat, people will be provided with preventive and
â€¢ Insurance Companies have also been instructed to pay the insurance claims of those affected by the cyclone Ochi on an
Cooperation in defence and security
The project of the Varanasi Convention Centre is a symbol of cultural cooperation between Kyoto and the city of Varanasi, Japan.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern U
The Prime Minister said that if humans do not feed nature, nature will react as climate change.
Both leaders will make a statement to the media.
BharatNet aims to provide internet connectivity to the last mile in the country.
During the last three years, my Government has focused on the overall development of infrastructure in the country.
In the last two years, we have seen a 2% increase in tree and forest cover.
The Prime Minister further said that sufficient capital, enterprise and people-to-people contact are essential to success in any startup sector.
The projects reviewed today included the construction of the Delhi Mumbai Industrial Corridor and four new AIIMSs in Mangalgiri
Speaking at the event, he said that the ideas of Mahatma Gandhi have the power to solve the challenges facing the world today.
The Prime Minister reiterated India's commitment to fully support Afghanistan's efforts to build a peaceful, united, prosperous
The Prime Minister said that the songs and music of Bhupen Hazarica have been chosen by generations.
He said the recently announced operation will be beneficial to farmers producing green fruits and vegetables, especially tomatoes, onions and
Praising the Wohra community, the Prime Minister said that it is a privilege for me to have always been loved by the Wohra
I would like to express my special thanks to the administration, government and people of these five states for completing this task.
Its reach extends to the whole of South Asia.
Shri Modi said that young athletes should encourage the youth generation to participate in sports in schools and villages.
He said the navies of 50 countries took part in the review of the International Shipping Fleet conducted by the Indian Navy in 2016.
The women beneficiaries also shared how the self-help group has brought about positive change in their lives.
His answers were adorned with wit, humour and many different detailed examples.
Last year was the centenary year of Nelson Mandela's birth and last year was also the silver anniversary of our political relations.
He added that India is the land of monks who served society and breathed the winds of reform.
India and Portugal both have vibrant connections between people and this connectivity is growing.
This Metro project has some important features.
The Prime Minister said that these measures have benefited not only the poor but also the middle class.
Defence Minister Carter briefed the Prime Minister on progress in advancing the agreements and resolutions reached between the two countries in June this year
I mourn his passing and pay my heartfelt tribute to him.
The two sides appreciated the efforts to strengthen and institutionalize cooperation between the States of India and the regions of Russia.
When we learn about his courage, bravery, and bravery, we are surprised and proud and inspired.
His patience and firm opposition to colonialism during adversity will never be forgotten.
The people of Meghalaya have made a significant contribution to the country.
Indian soldiers showed the world that when it comes to war, they are not behind anyone.
I thank Prime Minister Abe and Japan for being an ideal partner for this mutual and global goal.
These include photography and land tagging.
He had shown the green flag to the 900th coach and the Hamsafar coach in a public meeting.
Referring to the arrival of the first inland container vessel in Varanasi, the Prime Minister said that eastern U
The Prime Minister said it was a pleasure to know that all the people of Tripura are celebrating the birth anniversary of Maharaja
He reiterated the commitment of the Union Government to provide full access to seven major schemes in 45,000 additional villages in 115 amb
Under your leadership, Cyprus has emerged from financial and banking challenges recently.
The operations are being conducted in several countries in Korea, Cambodia, Laos, Vietnam, Congo, Cyprus, Liberia, Lebanon, Sudan, and
He gave such an inspiration but we are in an independent India.
We believe in the recognition that our people are crucial partners in our efforts to achieve responsible, joint and inclusive solutions.
During his meeting, the Prime Minister greeted President Mirziyev and his delegation in Gujarat.
As part of the launching programme of the campaign, which will run to Pakhwadi, the Prime Minister will speak via video conferencing
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Myanmar on land border cros
The Prime Minister is leading the campaign, who has appealed to the people to send messages to our brave military personnel through special videos on
Gradually, work will move in that direction.
The exhibition showcases more than a hundred quality-based experiments and utilities.
Under the new law, any application for a solution should be dismissed within one year.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi today met and discussed with the probationers of the 2015 batch of the Indian Police
During the visit, the women sailors presented various aspects of their expedition, its preparation, training and experiences.
Just a few days ago, India's brave daughter and daughter, Hima Das, made history by winning the gold medal in the
Who is not a fan of Harmanpriet Kaur?
The Prime Minister spoke to the people of Kavarti and Kanyakumari during the day.
Today, foreign investors are making record investments in India.
On this occasion, I thank all officers and men of the Coast Guard for their service to the nation.
He emphasized the importance of positive news for a vibrant and prosperous country.
You may well remember that a group of six female naval commanders had been on a sea voyage for the last several months.
During the conversation, the Prime Minister urged the community to unite with the award winners and make them an integral part of smooth
When all parties work together for the national interest, decisions are also good, they are made quickly, the results are also good.
The Indian delegation, led by Minister of Commerce Industry and Civil Aviation Shri Suresh Prabhu, attended the Eastern Economic Forum
Memorandum was received from the Chief Minister of Mizoram who could not attend in person.
He said that the efforts that will transform the tourism sector are consistent.
Encouraged the creation of infrastructure facilities.
The two leaders agreed to advance the pursuit of the benefits of equality between the two economies in order to boost long-term
Prime Minister of Mauritius Shri Prvind Jagannath will be the chief guest of the 15th Sanskrit Day Indian Day Conference
He was joined by senior officials of the bank.
Plastic pollution has now entered our food chain.
This is the session when the country has been given the opportunity to elect a new President and Vice President.
Friends, In my view and in the view of our Government, the boundaries of consumer protection are very wide.
The two sides expressed their commitment to maintain mutual support and coordination across various fora including BRICS and ITU.
India will fully support their efforts in this direction.
Now the Indian subcontinent is at the heart of global economic activity.
He has done a very good job in this time of crisis.
He will also launch the joint e-home entry of 25,000 beneficiaries under the Prime Minister Awas Yojana through video conferencing.
Indian youth have distinguished themselves by their pessimistic views and the idea of doing something new.
He said that in the last two decades, there have been some positive changes in the development journey of Gujarat.
Yoga has proven to be a strong foundation for moving towards a disciplined and developed life.
The Indian side expressed its desire to increase imports of minerals from Russia.
He has visited Noida and put an end to the superstition associated with it.
Indian soldiers showed the world that when it comes to war, they are not behind anyone.
According to Bank of International Settlements, India is less sensitive to banking sector risks in major economies.
As a popular business hub, they are far above in ease of doing business.
He added that this kind of MoK Parliament will increase the spirit of discussion among our youth.
I would also like to highlight the hard work of the brave soldiers of the NDRF.
As per the COP-21 agreement, the world is committed to climate change.
Look, in the last few minutes, how many times I've used the best, most wonderful words ever.
Joining a person with family brings happiness in the family.
The Prime Minister said that India will begin celebrating the 150th birth anniversary of Mahatma Gandhi on October 2.
The two sides expressed satisfaction with the long-standing cooperation between Indian and Russian scientists in the Antarctic.
There is an inherent respect for the army, security forces in our country.
88% of residential areas are now connected to rural roads under PMGSY.
This is change.
Russia reaffirms India's claim to permanent membership by amending the UN Security Council.
â€¢ In our country, cows are considered sacred and given maternal status.
This is why the use of new technologies in building construction in India is of added benefit if attempted.
More than 16,000 km of gas pipeline has been constructed and another 11,000 km pipeline is under construction.
The Prime Minister will arrive at Port Blair on the evening of December 29.
He will also give a green flag to the new Express train from Ayodhya to Rameshwar (via video conference).
We will continue to work tirelessly for your socio-economic upliftment in every way possible.
Speaking on the occasion, the Prime Minister said that it is really important that the junior-most and senior-most officers
From Dehradun to Dublin, from Shanghai to Chicago, from Jakarta to Johannesburg, yoga is yoga, yoga is yoga.
He said that the Union Government will contribute the same amount as the beneficiaries.
In particular, we have focused on the implementation of various decisions taken during the last two meetings.
He added that some of these announcements were made in the budget.
The Prime Minister invited Kazakhstan to become a member of the International Solar Alliance.
He said that this statue will create immense tourism opportunities for the region.
His extraordinary contribution to the freedom struggle has been deeply felt in our hearts.
The Prime Minister stressed that India is proud of Sardar Patel and his invaluable contribution to the building of our country.
His profound thoughts and principles have left an indelible mark on society.
The passing of Mr Hawking is sad.
The Prime Minister said that postmen and postmen have long held a respectable position in the villages and have access to every home in
If you keep knowledge at the center, you try to incorporate many things into yourself.
Lokmanya Tilak was full of courage and confidence.
Similarly, the death of Sullaghitti Narasimha of Karnataka was reported on 25th December.
India can benefit financially from greater numbers of good mediation and lawyers.
A total of 26 islands have been listed for full development.
He encouraged the Finance Commission to give new ideas to the States to promote results-based allocation and cost reform.
Jayalalithaa's engagement with the citizens, efforts for the welfare of the poor, women and the disadvan
Now some people may say why did you take two years?
Today, the Mudra Yojana, Start Up India, Stand Up India initiatives are giving birth to our young innovators, young entrepreneurs
In the World Bank's 2018 report on ease of doing business, India has jumped 42nd place in the last three years and
He said that as Sardar Patel united the country politically, GST will ensure economic integration.
Our health related schemes will also create a large number of jobs.
Responding to the climate change talk, the Prime Minister said that India has been actively nurturing and protecting natural resources for
He urged the Ministry of Urban Development to monitor this operation with sensitivity.
Nevertheless, we have controlled the price of petrol and diesel.
Under this campaign, up to Rs 5 lakh per family per year will be provided for secondary and tertiary treatment.
The Prime Minister gave detailed answers to various questions raised by the members of the delegation.
Earlier, India had been the Asian Cup champion in 2003 and 2007.
The Anupam festival of Shath Puja is closely linked to nature and nature worship.
The Prime Minister is in constant contact with the Chief Minister on the flood situation.
He exchanged with ITBP (Indo-Tibetan Border Police) and Indian Army personnel and gave them a gift of
During the same period, the government has introduced a plan to declare black money.
His answers were adorned with wit, humour and many different detailed examples.
In response to a question from a team working to create rural digital entrepreneurship, the Prime Minister said it is important to create an India
He said that during the last three and a half years, the Union Government has worked to realize its dream of social democracy.
In this regard, he mentioned Unit 5 and Unit 6 of the nuclear plant.
Referring to the family and collective traditions of the island groups, he said these traditions have long been the strength of Indian society
Atal Ji was a true patriot.
Atal Ji's passing has left me with a personal and never-recoverable loss.
It worked to unite people by awakening national consciousness.
Praising the Wohra community, the Prime Minister said that it is a privilege for me to have always been loved by the Wohra
More than 16,000 km of gas pipeline has been constructed and another 11,000 km pipeline is under construction.
The Government has taken several transformative initiatives.
It is especially essential to ensure freedom, peace and justice for the exploited, victims and disadvantaged.
India is also the world's largest producer of milk.
The progress of the National Optical Fiber Network was reviewed.
Officials from the Ministry of Health and Family Welfare, NITI Aayog and the Prime Minister's Office informed the Prime
Prayer, spirituality and charity are highlighted in Ramadan.
And if we teach children about nature, perhaps it can help us in protecting the environment.
His combined efforts changed not only his own but also the fate of his field.
As a partner democracy, India and the Republic of Korea share common values and a shared vision for regional and international peace.
He told the officials that developing close relationships with people is essential for success in tasks and objectives.
The MoU will further strengthen bilateral cooperation between the two countries.
And Cyprus has always maintained warm and friendly relations.
He gave such an inspiration but we are in an independent India.
Almost all the taxpayers in India will benefit greatly from this.
The two sides expressed their commitment to further strengthen nuclear non-proliferation at the global level.
On Makkar Sankranti, millions of people also immerse themselves in holy rivers.
The Prime Minister laid the foundation stone for the construction of six-lane bridge over the Brahmaputra River.
He said India believes that the world is one family and therefore fulfills its global responsibilities.
And it is a special pleasure to jointly inaugurate this Summit with our friend and partner, President Ashraf Ghani of Afghanistan.
Whatever the business, its sole objective should be customer satisfaction.
Under this, we offer approximately 700 scholarships per year to students for study in Sri Lanka and India.
His spirit has been amazing in dealing with natural disasters, from storms, hurricanes, floods to wildfir
Peacekeeping Operations is not an easy task.
He encouraged teachers to bring digital transformation to their school and its environment.
More than 7 lakh poor patients have been treated in just 100 days of the scheme's launch.
India has also given hockey many great players.
More than 146 million people directly access cooking gas assistance in their bank accounts.
Here, the Prime Minister interacted with several researchers and beneficiaries.
The second edition of the Global Initiative Dialogue on Conflict Avoidance and Environmental Awareness is being held in Yang
These are all the three countries with which India has a strong strategic partnership.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the Securities and Exchange Board of India (SEB
Who doesn't know the sense of adventure.
In the next two months, we will all be busy in the election race.
We will give our full support.
Chartered Accountants can start their career in a new field by becoming insolvency practitioners.
Our domestic market is divided.
India Japan Business Meeting (BUSINESS PLANARY) will be held on the same day.
I agree that efficiency in water and resource use, water conservation and purification and increase in agricultural productivity are key issues in our
It contributes to our energy security.
The Union Government has given a decent honour to great national leaders including Sardar Patel, Babasaheb Ambedkar and N
Today, India is the fastest growing economy in the world.
He said that the close and mutually beneficial India-Malaysia relationship is based on a strong foundation of mutual values, interests
He also outlined the various other benefits, including health and tourism benefits, which could also benefit the Swachh Bharat
Referring to the people and farmers of Gujarat and Maharashtra who have benefited from the Narmada River, the
The efforts of Captain Nishad for the progress of Bihar are noteworthy.
He will also address a public meeting.
The leaders reviewed regional and global issues.
An alternative dispute resolution ecosystem in support of India is a national priority.
It has the potential to build a better society and a better country.
I look forward to attending the centenary celebrations of the establishment of Sabarmati Ashram.
In the same way, when you are strong as a nation, you can also live peacefully with all.
It is also natural that the nation has expectations and a sense of wanting to do something.
We are improving the delivery system to further the outlying areas, which has increased the accessibility of digital technology.
Food processing in India is a way of life.
It is said that his inspiration was the statement of his sister.
A specific operation has to be planned and implemented at the local level.
He said they are committed to providing fair healthcare to the poor and middle class.
A few days ago, we all remember that ISRO successfully launched the GSAT-19.
The double registration will be reduced at the State and Central level.
The Prime Minister said that our effort is to start development work by protecting the environment and local culture.
I hope that all these will continue to lead by example in controlling plastic pollution.
Sardar Vallabhbhai Patel took over the task of building India into one formula.
He was so impressed by Swami Vivekananda that he gave up his happy life and dedicated his life to serving the poor.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi will attend the inauguration of the birth centenary celebrations of Nanji Deshmukh
The public Ganesh festival became an influential means of promoting the traditional beliefs and joy as well as the sense of social awaren
Through the International Solar Alliance, we are adding to the mainstream through collective efforts.
The Prime Minister, Shri Narendra Modi, has congratulated the people of Jharkhand on the occasion of the State'
We have also joined together to create an international context for cooperation in our common goals and efforts.
He mentioned various other projects, including road and Namami Gange related projects, which were inaugurated or ground-breaking today.
To achieve this objective, the Make in India campaign has been launched.
The Asian Infrastructure Investment Bank started its financial operations in January 2016.
India can benefit financially from greater numbers of good mediation and lawyers.
The Prime Minister said that various Government schemes like Swachh Bharat have boosted the tourism sector in the country.
The Jewelry and Jewelry sector is a prime example of the potential of Make in India and Skilled India.
By 2022, when India is celebrating 75 years of independence, the Government is also working on ensuring that every person in the
This time, every devotee will be able to perform the purification of AkshayvÄda after the holy bathing in the Sang
Railways will now be able to make their contribution further to meet transportation needs in the country.
Friends, Inflation control has also benefited the poor and middle class consumers.
The Prime Minister urged athletes to remember and stay in touch with their teachers, teachers and mentors who have guided them from child
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the MoU between India and Myanmar on land border cros
He reiterated the commitment of the Union Government to provide full access to seven major schemes in 45,000 additional villages in 115 amb
In that interview Field Marshal Maneksh was recalling the time when he was a colonel.
The Prime Minister congratulated Donald Trump on taking office as President of the USA.
Our partnership will also play a key role in preventing terrorism, organised crime, drugs and human trafficking.
I would like to express my special thanks to the administration, government and people of these five states for completing this task.
We all experience how things move forward with an innate sense.
You may have heard a lot about Kumbh.
India is currently one of the world's leading FDI destinations, according to the World Investment Report of Anktid.
She is also taking a course of skill development alongside her.
The second edition of the Global Initiative Dialogue on Conflict Avoidance and Environmental Awareness is being held in Yang
There is an abundance of natural gas available in the world.
He practiced constitutional, tax and company related cases in the Guwahati High Court.
We have launched the Ujjwala programme to provide cooking gas to five crore families.
The Prime Minister said that the student wing should attach importance to cleanliness during the campaign in the university elections.
For this, you all have to take tough measures.
In modern times, more than one hundred and thirty thousand Indian soldiers gave their lives in the World War during the last century.
This is the dream I had with your President Xi and Prime Minister Lee.
Guru is highly respected in our society.
It is a joy for us that after health benefits, our Arunaji is also among us today.
Diwali you all must have celebrated with great joy.
A comprehensive effort to raise awareness among consumers through this campaign is continuing.
He attached great importance to education and social reform.
The Prime Minister informed the State of Flood during the meeting with Chief Minister of Kerala, Pinrai Vijayan and officials of the
This will benefit 100 million poor and disadvantaged families with an annual insurance of $7000.
Cooperation in defence and security
Red jaim has been laid for foreign investors in the sector.
If we do not manage growth effectively, both in terms of planning and implementation, the economic and human losses from disasters will
The Prime Minister will also interact with various stakeholders related to the campaign.
The Union Cabinet chaired by the Prime Minister Shri Narendra Modi has approved the signing of Memoranda of Understanding (
